just made amazing pineapple curry jasime rice!! jealous??(viral) social experiment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment with a memory of you and me - anything you want, good or bad or silly or sad. When you're finished, post this paragraph as your own status... you'll be surprimisses her baby soooooooo much!!ATTENTION JERSEY PEOPLE!!!..........Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. please re-post!Thanksgiving at our place!! We eat at 5:00pm!! We would love to have you!! : )on my way to 60 degrees and rainy. yay.Nude.Been thinking about adopting a pet?? Chihuahuas arrive at the Manhattan ASPCA Wednesday Jan 13th from 12-7pm. Chichis are the PERFECT city dog, so loyal, extremely loving, highly intelligent with tough new york personality. THEY ARE AMAZING!!only the cool kids are on facebook at 12:30 on a saturday night. : )Just gave *PROPNAME* a big piece of chicken out of my pasta, totally forgetting I just loaded it down with cayenne pepper!! She's still at her water bowl. Good lord, the gas that is to come while I'm sleeping... (I'm so sorry baby!!)
I have no excuses, least of all for God. Like all tyrants, he is not worthy of the spit you would waste on negotiations. The deal we have is infinitely simpler--i don't call him to account, and he extends me the same courtesy...BackRip open the diseased heart of a corporation and what spills out? -On peopleYou're wicked overseer"Keep government away from my medicare!" As good a summary of American politics as one is likely to get these days.Turn your lamp down low.HOLY. FUCK. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=yPJgZd7fRPs"What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?" "Dr. Dre?" "Fuck you, Carl.""We operate by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."The only fear I have, Is my failure to adhear his pathThat, ladies and gentlemen, was a season opener.Things that are irritating: Microsoft excel.The best way to describe *PROPNAME* is as an IRL troll.Record so hard it broke the needle.Even when it's free it ain't cheap."I find it absolutely appalling that anyone could believe that political affiliation would be used to determine who receives medical treatment. That's what race and socioeconomic standing are for."Thanks folks.What the fuck, Steelers?In other news, the Steelers 4th quarter is the most depressing thing of all time.Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of congress. But I repeat myself.Bush was a symptom, not a cause.The bridge is over?Fuckin' *PROPNAME*Speech is my hammer[The "liberal media"] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.-ChomskyStop the violence and start the revolution-TalibWhen I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.-*PROPNAME*The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.What I didn't want: more characters on Heroes.And until peoples learn to spot the fanning of mass emotions and the sowing of bitterness, suspicion, and intolerance as crimes in themselves - as perhaps the greatest disservice that can be done to the cause of popular government - this sort of thing will continue to occur.Thank you, *PROPNAME*, for still being on the ballot so that stupid people could vote for you."How impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust!"-*PROPNAME*. They don't make writers like they used to."Fuck you, dolphin!"YANKEES WOOOO"Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves." - *PROPNAME*Steelers!"Britain's desire to be a big player on the world stage has delivered huge benefits including being dragged into a series of catastrophic wars with America's throbbing tumescence lodged firmly at the back of our throat, while at the same time being unable to afford decent roads, railways, schools and hospitals. It's what we call a 'win-win'."My fucking computer got a virus. Incredible.I have to quit drinking diet coke. Much sadness and headaches.All aboard the U.S.S. Rational Basis.Restoration! or, why LTS is incredible.Why do you insist that the human genetic code is "sacred" or "taboo"? It is a chemical process and nothing more. For that matter -we- are chemical processes and nothing more. If you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality, you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself. Chairman *PROPNAME*, "Looking God in the Eye"Spit so hard that it oughta be a crimeSpit it so hard it oughta be a crime.Fucking *PROPNAME*.The mind of a child is where the revolution begins.Kansas City Chiefs over Pittsburgh Steelers, 27-24. Disgrace.I found my actual WEP key!!!!Classes over! Home in a week.FUCK. YES."We're supposed to call it H1N1." "I refuse to back down to pig farmers. Not today, not ever."Kill them all. God will recognize his own.-*PROPNAME*Face the facts. Then act on them. It's the only mantra I know, the only doctrine I have to offer you, and it's harder than you'd think, because I swear humans seem hardwired to do anything but. Face the facts. Don't pray, don't wish, don't buy into centuries-old dogma and dead rhetoric. Don't give in to your conditioning or your visions or your fucked-up sense of... whatever. FACE THE FACTS. THEN act.Stability means we run it. There are countries that are very stable. Cuba is stable, but that’s not called stability.Avatar: Best PictureWOW New Orleans.Now bamboo thinks it's wood, and that pisses me off.I PASSED STATS MOTHERFUCKER!!!!Hey, it actually is December.And then, I got food poisoning.Show me a completely smooth operation and I'll show you a cover up. Real boats rock. -*PROPNAME*If I see another king, I think I shall bite him.-*PROPNAME*.Rule of the Great: When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch."We rule by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate.""Libertarianism is just anarchism for rich people."Progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.-Heinlein"No one lets charms in the vehicle in the entire United States Marine Corps."R.I.P. *PROPNAME*.I didn't know this, but *PROPNAME* is apparently a Hebrew name that means "The Lord Remembers," which is basically incredible.LET'S GO LIONS*PROPNAME* was ejected from the New York State Senate, which is good, because he slashed his girlfriend with a knife.Good work, Golden Globes.It's the prophet versus them profits all the time.
is so excited to start a summer book club!!can't wait for Transformers in IMAX tonight!! ?is pole dancing on Saturday morning...LoL :)reviewin stuff, like I do ?is going to need a lot more upper body strength if I ever want to be a pole danceris so excited for fireworks! I love watching fireworks!!going out to dinner :)actually excited to go workout!cannot WAIT to pet a dolphin. Are they as slimy as they look??got super tan this weekend...I went from caramel to mocha...is in a tropical mood...I need a fruity umbrella drinkis relaxing in the BAHAMAS :) ?organizing things and getting excited about the Bahamas! ?gettin stuff done! :-)doing nerdy stuff in my room...reading Gentry magazine, organizing//cleaning things...TGISaturday ?can't wait for the True Blood premiere ? I'm so into vampires right nowhas Bahamas on my mind...11 days!getting organized for the week!is craving a bleu cheese burger and sweet potato friesLOVED Transformers! So cool!!thought District 9 was way cool!! Funny People sucked...finally saw Star Trek. AWESOME. Space is so crazygot my burger, fries AND a birthday cake milkshake. So happy :)Traffic makes me SO angry...but I don't know who to be angry at! Grrrr so frustrating!!has a test tomorrow!one of my students has a pink graphing calculator, and I am a little jealous...6 years ago they did not come in pink :(petted some dolphins today!!studying...snorkling is my workout for this week!drinkin a V8...the taste is growing on me, I no longer feel like I'm drinking soupis stressed OUT.had the craziest vivid dream that I was pregnant. So weird!! Dream interpretation says this is a good symbol...umm...wtf is wrong with *PROPNAME*?? I ? *PROPNAME*woke up at 2:30pm today...guess I needed some sleep :)had the BEST DAY EVER!!! :) I'm so happy ?decided I'm going to start reading the Sookie Stackhouse books. I NEED a new vampire story to distract me from the craziness of my real lifeLooking for someone who knows Latin, lives in the Palo Alto area, and wants to teach a small Latin II class (2 hours in the a.m., 3 times a week) for $27// hour.cardio//weights workout followed by yoga class. Feeling motivated today! Getting stuff DONE!hello fall weather!! I love this...I'm so happy!super excited for: ? dinner tonight w// *PROPNAME*? manicure today ? pole dance workout class tomorrow ? Halloween!!I LOVE the Build-A-Bear Workshop! I know it's technically for little kids...but I had so much fun trying outfits on my bunny!!just booked a flight to LA this weekend, and paid a whopping $13.20 roundtrip, thanks to an eVoucher from my mom. Thanks Mom!! :-)Last night I dreamt that I was a real housewife of ATL, and NeNe was trying to start some drama with me! I was ready to fight her! Then I woke up...probably the busiest I have ever been in my lifeexcited For the Love of *PROPNAME*...now I have a new trashy reality show to enjoy on Monday nights! Why do I find these shows so entertaining??3rd grade classroom on day b4 Halloween = craziness.studying in the morning, teaching after noon, then class till 10pm...I feel like my day is backwardsHappy Halloween everyone :-)I like *PROPNAME*'s designs a lot, but she's such a b*tch I kinda of don't want her to win Project Runway! I vote for Althea...she's adorable“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” *PROPNAME*spending the next few hours reading about Language Arts framework, consonant digraphs and vowel diphthongs...yay...PSYCH!! :(a little irked that *PROPNAME* won, but her collection really was gorgeousis thankful for everyone and everything. My life is beautiful and I am such a lucky girl. ? & ?...Happy Thanksgiving! Love you all!at Poletential , starting the weekend off right with a dance workout!is addicted to *PROPNAME* biographies...don't ask me about her unless you have like 30 minutes to listen to me rave about how much I love her...I am so obsessed with her life story! Such an interesting person!was disappointed that *PROPNAME* was not in the Victoria's Secret fashion show...girl is my favorite :(language arts center @ Oak Knoll, lunch with Mom, GYM time, then I'm watching all the shows I DVRd this week. Yay Friday :-)just started reading "Blonde" by *PROPNAME* (a fictional biography of *PROPNAME*). It's one of those books that all day you are just dying for the opportunity to read a little more...oh how I love bookscan officially play The Eagles, Please Come Home for Christmas, without feeling off-season. I love that song! Happy holidays everyone :-)I ? Sundayso excited for new Cleveland Show, Family Guy and American Dad tonight!Brand-new whiteboard markers make me happy...so inky!I like my horoscope today: "It's the time to play. Why play halfway? Go ahead. Have the fun you're after. All of it."so excited for pole class tonight! Making a pole playlist, just for fun. Newest addition: Criminal - *PROPNAME*I can't wait until my custom-designed Flip Mino camcorder with the pink butterflies on it gets here!! Friends, prepare to be filmed...I'll be going crazy with this thingAvatar is my new favorite movie of all time!! So awesome! ? Neytiri...seriously the prettiest alien everfinished Still Life With Woodpecker. Weird book!!I ? to Christmas shop! I just wrapped all my presents and put them under the tree...can't wait for my family to open them!Merry Christmas Eve! Being a good girl today, going to the gym and then church! ?@ dance class ?can't wait to see The Princess and the Frog tonight with *PROPNAME*!!"*PROPNAME*" and "*PROPNAME*" are my two middle names. Everyone calm down now...can't wait for class tomorrow. I ? the 1st day of school :)had cake & ice cream for breakfastM.I.A. until I finish my projects, tests and CSET this Saturday! Work work work...Thanks friends, I had a really special birthday :)misses the beach already...loved The Princess and the Frog...I almost cried! Finally at age 24 I get to see a Disney Princess on the big screen, and it was so special to me...I just ? this movie! *PROPNAME* you are the perfect date! xoxoxoxexcited...my show is on in 30. RHWNJ reunion, part 1!! ?do not EVER book your trips through Travelocity...they tried to charge me three times for the same booking!!! GRRRRRRRRjust finished the CSET. didn't think it was that hard, which either means I bombed it or I nailed it. We shall see...now I am napping :-)I ? my Flip Video cam so much!just booked VEGAS. So excited!!is really really sore from dance yesterday! I can't wait for my muscles to get stronger so I can do more crazy stuffmade my 1st iMovie! My fave clips of me dancing to Aerosmith "Crazy"...haha :)I have a love//hate relationship with the Stairmasternew favorite cocktail = Champagne & Chambord...delicious!Monday a.m. Yoga...*sigh* my life is SO hard ;)got a new shampoo//conditioner and I'm excited to shower so I can try it!is thinking of doing BOTH Stairmaster//booty exercises AND Tricked Out Pole class tonight. Workout obsessed!!Does anyone have a stud finder and a drill I can borrow?is excited for *PROPNAME*'s Birthday! Don't forget your one dollar bills girls!! Haha :)leopard ?passed all 3 subtests of the CSET in one go, and I never even did a practice test. I AM AWESOME.this is the last Sunday I have to work. Yess! Weekend getaways here I come...I'm thinking LA...re-arranged all the furniture in my room today to make way for the pole. I love re-arranging furniture, it makes me feel so accomplished!had a super fun sleepover with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* last night! Next time we'll do pole vids and photoshoot!happy I was able to squeeze in a 30 minute pole workout before tutoring and class today...I'm proud of myself! Gettin stuff done!is all tricked out...dang that pole class was hard!! All the more reason to go back next week...ok I think I worked out too much today...everything hurts...but I had fun! :)watching the Puppy Bowl...I want them all!finally got a chance to watch The Bachelor episode 3...omg that *PROPNAME* girl was psycho!!excited for the winter olympics!did 45 minutes of dance, 8 minute abs, 8 minute buns, stretching, dog walking...NOW I can relax, watch Jersey Shore reunion and eat ice cream! :-)when I have my own classroom, I will have a giant NO WHINING sign on the wall and every time a kid whines I'm just gonna point to itI want to join *PROPNAME*'s Millionaire's ClubI love to watch Olympic Figure skating!!
why does it seem like im always online these days?...beach?!?if your a girl and you haven't seen the miniseries North and South (BBC) you need too!!Dear planes, Please stop crashing, I'd like to go on a trip to Ireland without dying on either flight. Thanks, *PROPNAME*nm... out for a walk to the PIER! llame to make the walk go faster... or to come along :)yeah... i'm in the american executive!! wooaccording to Japanese scientists.. humans glow!! i KNEW it!! :)okay fine... i'm going, i'm going...the Ugly Truth was fantastic!no really... I'm watching *PROPNAME*.lovin the warm windy HB weather in my backyardmy hair is turning black!!!read harry potter 7 cover to cover in a day just cuzhungeeee!!is at the beach at 30th st in newport... come join! give me a call or just show up! :)oh god... baby next door wont stop crying grrrr!!so one day, I'm going to ride a horse (Fresian to be specific) over some majestic rolling hills and *PROPNAME* is going to run behnind me with a boombox blasting epic music... i can't waitsigh... Debussy... always puts me in agood moodstimulated the economy yesterday... there goes 100 on makeup... now next on the list... somewhere to go all dressed upI'ma gonna watch you break it down and dance.sooo, this essay....tear :`( really?...the unknown is NOT fun. Ya'll are crazy for thinking so. lolwill complete seaon 3 and 4 of Kim Possible by tonight :)LOVES *PROPNAME* Day <3 <3 <3is on a tour of Asia. Burmese Saturdays, Japanese Sundays, Mongolian Mondays, Thai Tuesdays.... suggestions?i think its unholy to be up at this hour twice in two days....anyone have a place i can put my car during the football game? our house is doing football parking so its getting kicked out :( poor thingeating seaweed.... wow.. thanks berkeley... what have you done to megetting down with the Soweto gospel choirBabbbbyyy you've got what it takes!Though (*PROPNAME* < *PROPNAME*) they both = amazing. <3really into *PROPNAME* right nowGuess how old I am in my profile photoall of a sudden I'm really REALLY excited for Christmas <3stomach wants to kill me ://is OFFICIALLY nominated to the Peace Corps!!Christmas tunes have started!!House is addictivly depressing"I want your love and I want your revenge" "You and me could write a bad romance " "I want your love and All your lovers' revenge " "You and me could write a bad romance"Watching X-Men cartoons at home..I think I could do this for the rest of my lifeomg.... peopleofwalmart.comI have *PROPNAME* on the brain. ugh... one of these days I will remember to write about a topic other than intellectuals in colonial eras.... UGHI really want to watch Gladiator right nowwhy yes I do lipsynch to the Soweto Gospel Choir in ZuluPresident Obama -- fighting wars in two countries -- will arrive in Norway on Thursday to accept the Nobel Peace Prize.... Amusing CNN headlineCome to the J.S. Bach Magnificat at noon tomorrow at Hertz Hall!!Mister Squiggles, the light-brown version of the hamsters, has unsafe levels of antimony.Please choose ONE of the options and then write an essay in which you offer an argument so brilliant, so insightful, and so well-supported that political analysts around the globe are left astonished, humbled, and shaken (if not stirred). - I <3 you *PROPNAME*. This is the best prompt ever.Way to go young people, our contribution to society? "Unfriend" has been added to the OED."history must concede that he was in the exceptional position of a self infatuated man who happened to be right" --- the entertaining things i find while researchingFAIL. Instead of writing bspace.edu I wrote facebook.comI wish everytime a camera circled around my chair a month went by. (See New Moon and You understand)does not want to go back to berkeley.... well except for friendzies <3is a Teach for American 2010 Corps Member!!! (Southern Louisiana, Secondary Biology)Grandma and I had a fight yesterday about whether the owner of the restaurant sounded like Blanche or Rose from the Golden Girls. Good Times. <3*PROPNAME*When sending your Christmas cards this year please take an extra one and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o Walter Reed Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards our wonderful wounded military will get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL)is at jury duty ughNew Years Resolutions 1) To become Kim Possible 2) To get a ponyfun fact... the foremost creationist advocate got his phd in bio chem from berktownin Big Bear until Friday call me if you need meso not cool with the fact that *PROPNAME* (who is 34 btw) is getting married to a 22 yr old argentinian model... exuse moi *PROPNAME*, I happen to be 22, you didnt have to look that far.today was a new day then promptly ate 2 sees candiesinsecureoramaHello My name is *PROPNAME*, Human Cyborg relations... :) <3 to fam for actually watching the film with me last night... classic!!teaching myself ALL of AP bio and 4 years of an education major's knowledge in 2 days booyah!made mochi and red beanare you kidding me... there is a book about how mr darcy is a vampire? really? okay you convinced me.... i'm reading itHis Royal Highness Fluff n' Stuff IS the perfect name for a pony!Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize the same day that we bombed the moon... interesting...GO BEARS!!!Anyone interested in Seeing *PROPNAME* at the Nokia Theatre on the 28th of Feb?yesssss, josh groban has a solo in the new "we are the world recording".....why is it that whenever there is a pig butchered in Europe there are always drinks and snacks? - *PROPNAME*I really REALLY REALLY want to be a Star Fleet officer. I have since I was 5 and I still do.re: the completly redone monopoly game's utter potential failure: So far, the Internet echo chamber's biggest criticism focuses on the new version's tight security. It seems that when it comes to Monopoly, *half the fun comes from cheating by stealing from the till when nobody's looking*, a loophole the new version closes with its fancy electronic banking.I <3 My Garmin ForerunnerI honestly don't know who *PROPNAME* is.PASSED my Praxis exams with flying colors!!! Thank you *PROPNAME*'s notes for that recognition of excellence on the PLT 7-12 :) <3In Berkeley hit me up to hang out :)why yes I am listening to the Backstreet Boys' new CD and cooking fudge. .... soon, I'll get a cat.got a doggie!! what to name it?
Eid Mubarak :)
is leaving tomorrow. wtf.is wandering about in the Alaskan wilderness like *PROPNAME*.is in Homer, AK visiting *PROPNAME*!just went to a bar with my mom and a bunch of other old people in Alaska. wtf?har mindre enn en måned til Oslo!bare én uke...alone in marin...5 more pages, thanks lindow... rudy home in less than 2 days... Oslo 8 days!TRE UKER TIL OSLO.is in King Salmon, AK.just moved into my dorm... which I share w// 4 guys. ??BARE TO DAGER TIL OSLO!fem dager.wants to be back in AK.just got twilight in norwegian... you can judge me.come to uglebo tomorrow 2230-2...having trouble understanding my roommates when they speak Norwegian at 70000 wpm.gets to see ma and sis tomorrow :)can't cookin kailua... 12 dager til norge...i Bergenroll on you bearssssswhy is sjur blasting music at 730 amelsker Oslo.gets to see lil roady in TRE UKERjeg mener at jeg har H1N1 i lungenerudy in oslo tomorrow! :)hates the norwegian immigration center. also the norwegian embassy in san francisco.it's really cold outthanks for the birthday wishesRUDY I OSLO!prøver å forsvare Obama til min norsk romkamerat på norsk og det er utrolig vanskelig.elsker Oslo...er i Sverige.back in norway, having successfully avoided being sold into sex slavery.is quite close to not being an illegal alien in Norway anymore.come on Bears...everyone's starin at me feeter i Stockholm til tirsdag.er i Stavanger.no longer the dish washing bitchRUDY IS COMING AGAIN!!!jahvid!har bare tre uker i Norge... :( :(so much snow!Københavnhel dag i biblioteket... fjuckfjuck x 3.5Nordea DEATH.ser på samiske nyheter!!! og skal til en samisk konsert på lørdag! SÁMIdødRON PAUL FOR NORWAY 2012!!!motherfucking norwegian bureaucratic bullshit. yet again.nesten ferdig... :ois excited to come home but... I don't want to leave Oslo. :(bruker facebook på SAMISK gahahaBEARS WINROADY!!!fjucksavner Norge...god jul :DONE.1.5!kailua2.5!så jan thomas!!! hahhahahagets to see mama and emmsy in 9 days!det er samefolkets dag!!! :):)prøver å lese asbjørnsen og moes samlede eventyr og kan ikke forstå den rare ortografien... og nå føler jeg meg dums heart is broken by the Bears. Yet again.tenker på Norge...just went to the nordic house in oakland and got biler og kvikk lunsj og solo!!!narcoleptic
now needs another costume idea for the 80's party!is not ready for Monday.just found a new way to annoy coworkers: drink a big gulp of water and chew as you slowly swallow itis looking to hire an end user support technician.feels niceness is wasted on some peoplewants some Alertos to cure this hangovertalking to the two little guys standing on my shoulders about the iPhoneThe best winter holiday season of my life has concludedhates wearing contacts to work.just came back from another awesome weekend in Mammoth.Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name. Then copy and paste this as your status. Put the first entry for your name under comments.is one of the unlucky ones that has to work today.24 hours til lift off
I did not get the job. Guess I'm thankful that I'm stuck where I am, tho'Up again, going through stuff about work. Crap!My firstborn turned 21 years old today. :}Happy Thanksgiving to all my facebook friends and family. I am thankful for all of you! Have a wonderful day with yours!Aristotle is following my curser. He's blocking my entire screen. I can't do anything here~get away, kitty. You'll never catch this mouse!
is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year. California: your movewonders, what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway.is reading his packet for law school orientation. This is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time.sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight. Happy Independence Day!awoke to an email stating: "Starting in 2010, the US Department of Education will be requiring significant changes in the way educational institutions collect and report race//ethnicity data. Accordingly, on July 19, 2009, LSAC changed the race//ethnicity dalways looks on the bright side of life: our Supreme Court will now be two-thirds Catholic.is highly amused. The comparisons between *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, as well as claims of her narcissism, are a classic case of psychological projection. (*PROPNAME*, really? Just how frightened are they of this woman?) The MSM are actually referring to norarely ever gets sick. Hopefully this will pass quickly.was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse. Back to work tomorrow.is attending the Royal Fireworks Festival & Concert tonight at Riverfront Park.is feelin' much better (and stronger everyday)is now on (the) twitter. This had better be worth it.is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the HHS Secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs.came home to a box of Panda licorice, a favorite. I feel loved."I may be limping, but I'm coming home"is wishing his Kitty a happy (and momentous) two-month anniversary.""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." - *PROPNAME*wonders, with all this righteous indignation over a terrorist assassination program and change in tactics from pursuing the Taliban to protecting the population, when did this stop being a war?is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the Kitty for the rest of the week.has on his soothsayer cap: [One day, parents who send their children to "super-gold-plated-Cadillac" private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families]is doing a little catch-up work but excited to start school tomorrow.R.I.P. *PROPNAME*is steadily developing an iron butt. And no, he hasn't been to the gym lately.will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral.is pleased the American people will now have the time to read the government-run health care bill or have it interpreted for them. Apparently, this is a luxury our representatives (and President) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplisis one lucky guy. First class, first day as a 1L and I'm the first to be called on to state the case. Thankfully, I did alright.is thinking, what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called, "Pig Out in the Park"is looking forward to a steak dinner tonight in celebration of four years together as a couple.always says, whatever doesn't kill you makes you luckier.is thankful; only Justice Scalia's wit could make CIv Pro bearable reading at this hour.is pondering the contradictions in his fidelity to a jealous mistress.reminds those engaging in civil discourse; when you have to resort to accusations of racism, you're probably losing the debate.wonders which is more inappropriate; heckling during a Presidential address to Congress or the President himself calling a private citizen a "jackass".It's beginning to look a lot like Washington around here.has settled on a parish. Happy days.is in Santa Clara to see the family. Still missing the Kitty.was greatly disappointeed with the disgustingly partisan scriptwriting on Law and Order last night.Mr Hart's 1L advice: when preparing for the socratic method, remember to think in questions.remembers the good old days when we could pay for everything under the sun by "bringing the troops home". It amazes me how inconsistent we can be when the Birkenstock is on the other foot.*PROPNAME* was bad enough, but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory. The Norwegian Nobel Committee just lost its credibility--forever.wonders if serfs living under a nationalized health care scheme lead healthier lifestyles mostly for fear of becoming sick//injured and having to throw themselves at the mercy of its poor services.doesn't think passing a bill on *PROPNAME*'s casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us.is thinking of a movie title; Dr. Strangehair or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Cue Ball Lookis making a four-minute oral argument tomorrow. Should be interesting.thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air...or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter.reckons it's looking a lot like Washington in California right now.wasn't disuaded post-media blitz. Still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth, mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and "freedom from want" is a condition better reserved for animals and small children.thinks he did alright. Not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names, but certainly alright.You know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in...We have growth, but at the price of future jobs--all the while paying five times as much for the same car we would've bought later. What else can be done to keep up this facade of recovery? We're already printing more money than ever before. We can't raise taxes without calling it a fee, because dear leader wants to be re-elected. Can we still hit the brakes before this public-private hybrid goes into a ditch?It's crunch time. See y'all in a month or so.First law school midterm this monday. This one's for a third of the clams.Happy Thanksgiving"Life is white, and I am black. Jesus and his lawyer are coming back."is celebrating six months months together with my beautiful bride.Legal research reminds me of combing the ocean floor for treasures. Every once in a while I return to the same spot with the knowledge that what I thought was a rock might have actually been an oyster with a pearl inside.Finals begin next monday. Overhead this today in Torts: "Dude, you're fine. It's not crunch time yet."second season of the Paper Chase is being released this December. Sweeeet.Finals.just began his first involuntary, five-day furlough. So sad.Well, that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life. Same time next year, I hope.is convinced, with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class, it's not going to happen. Do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since *PROPNAME* would all but certify the loss of his re-is no Keynesian, but I think if there's one thing "cash for clunkers" demonstrates, it's that $787 billion (minus the $237 billion in tax cuts) would've been more stimulative coming from the pockets of American consumers than vested bureaucrats in Washingis in SF to attend a two-day prep course for school. Still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it.An Obama consultant yesterday on taxing high-value, middle class health care plans: "We're not talking about a new tax on these people. We're saying they currently get an enormous tax break and we're going to slightly scale that back . . ." This will likely be the talking point for any new, middle-class taxes to come.is going to law school. see y'all in three years.heard the pres was on the TV tonightgets to see Philip Glass as a birthday present for the second year in a row. hmm Wot's that phrase the kids use...FTW!I thought the Kindle was a stupid idea, but the iPad...wow, this is the future of personal computing, a segue into Minority Report-like "surface computing". Way to stay ahead of the curve, Apple.along with wife *PROPNAME*, have decided to celebrate filing their first, joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned American way, by purchasing a new TV.How nice of the NFL to ask my favorite band to play at the Superbowl for my birthday.loves USPS. When you underpay for online postage, they charge you at the counter. When you overpay, they pocket the difference and say "thank you". Isn't that just the Federal government in a nutshell?is strongly considering JAG after law school. Might attend OCS over the summer.Thanks for the birthday wishes. You guys are awesome.*PROPNAME* is hilarious.is 76% of the way to my goal of running three miles in eighteen minutes. Good first attempt.wonders why no one ever followed up on *PROPNAME*'s pledge to eat the CRA.
I may be the only *PROPNAME* in the world - I'm definitely the only one on Facebook.Happy Father's Day to all you DadsI have hardly given more information in the octameter,heptameter, hexameter, or pentameter than there is in the tetrameter- of course the boys are sleeping, you can't wake someone who isn't and a very roof is still a roof. "The Ode Less Travelled." *PROPNAME*has just completed sexual harassment training - now I can be really good at it!Wow, I'm stupid - I can't count in monthly increments. I actually have one more month to complete this f____ thesis!!!Haagen-Dazs "Baileys" ice cream, straight out of the pot - the perfect accompaniment for thesis writingMy wonderful husband bought me a really fast computer (the old one caught a Trojan). The remaining 15 pages will just fly by. Thank you *PROPNAME*just dropped in on my lovely Italian friend - now feel the need for agnello e risotto a funghiI now have a master's degree - ABT (all but thesis)!First day as a high school English teacher. Apparently, an English accent fools 'em.there will be no Magic Mountain fireworks on the 4th. Perhaps you guys don't want this independence thingy after allThesis approved! NOW can someone give me a job?!It's *PROPNAME*'s birthday in about 45 minutes, but he "doesn't want a surprise party!"I have submitted!It was so nearly the perfect football day - UCLA won again, but then USC came from behindNow *PROPNAME* is asking "when's my party? " Who predicted that?!*PROPNAME*My son breaks his ankle on the football field and his only concern is that he missed the pool party with the cheerleaders!Question: How does one get 8th graders to shut the ____up?! *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? I know you know - I'm exhausted.I went sailing today with the Fergies and Rich Pearsall. I polluted the Pacific a little more that it was alreaddy ;(We will miss the Moos-Rubins, but we're looking forward to another great evening at the Bowl.I'm almost ready to submit.I have a new job!!!I have at least one crazy child who is back on the football field!!This teacher got an apple today - and grapes, strawberries, and cream!no-class stadium for a no-class coach :( but I did park on someone's drive for $20 instead of the $60 that I would have had to give to USuCkIt's a lovely day in the neighbo[u]rhood when UCLA win AND the University for Spoiled Children lose :)My second favorite team - Arizona!!!Go Navy!During a recent password audit, it was found that a blonde was using the following password: MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento. When asked why such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital.Back home from an evening of "Enlightened Debauchery" and no Walt Whitman in sight. There was this one guy from NY saying something about leaves of grass....our tree is naked! we can't find the skirtmy cousin keeps beating me at Bejewled Blitz!did someone already tell me the difference between news feed and live feed? Sorry, I wasn't listeningit's too close - we're not used to playing in the coldPut ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE! ?for those of you who asked, the port was an '85 "*PROPNAME*" from Vila Nova de Gaia, PortugalWe Wish You a Merry??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•?? Christmas??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??We Wish You a Merry ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??Christmas ? ? ?We Wish You A Merry ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??Christmas ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??...And A Happy New Year!??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??... Copy and paste~keep the wave going!For those of you who are just 6-7 hours away from 2010, Happy New Year//nuovo anno felice//nouvelle année heureuse etc., and for the rest of us, whether on the east or west coast, I hope it will be worth the wait :)nothing yet - it's my day off!Blackfinally, raspberry pink, white, and greyPlease put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone, who is a Wanker!.) Wankers affect the lives of many. There is still no known cure for these a_____s!!! But we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this, will YOU make this your status for at least one hour. :Dto whom it may concern, have a great first day at school today. and make good choicesIf you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need! I am proud of my children.3-ishjust discovered our dog barks at thunder!status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status. You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour. Lets all do our bit to helpMy first English department meeting; I was expecting fisticuffsIt's our anniversary - 16 years ago today, the Rassool family landed in California to pursue the American Dream....One syllabus down, one to go, but I got distracted.Happy Chinese New Year! To all my fellow tigers: Leo who turns 12 this year, and any friends who are turning 24, 36, 48, 60, 72 or more, it's going to be a lucky year for us!
got his permit.has the flu and is under quarantine. No school, no computer. Stuck in bed.has beat the new Kingdom Hearts, and based on when the other games came out relative to Japan, the new one should probably be out in April or May.I'm flu free. Anyone wanna do something, cause i'm really bored.is losing his fricken voice."Friends, you shall drip rubies. You'll soon drip precious rubies."got Brutal Legend.found his wallet.is losing his fricking voice.is completely disappointed with the *PROPNAME* movie.
oh my god House! =DWhere The Wild Things Are looks soooo good!Terrorist-underprivilegeds bombed three hoverports, and I should be scared or angry, the newsfeed says. But the sky is so empty and quiet and beautiful.went to class, realized i never printed out my essay, made a mad dash back to print it out, and continued said mad dash back to the armory. eesh.dyed her hair =]recieved The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test in the mail today =Dis going to go play Boston on the piano =]hasn't had power for the past 2 hours..man im so bored.....poor farrah, poor michael =[is wearing and listening to less than jake =] =]IS going to warped tomorrow! =D =D (close one!) gah! so happy =]loves snl. and is going to marry bill hader =]got out of the house tonight finally =] had a grand time. this had better start happening more often.needs something witty to put as her status.woke up this morning with both of her arms asleep. unpleasant."So judge me by my actions. Maybe some will be scared enough to wake from their walking dream state"all the statues in town came to life. but they'd been watching long enough to know not to move.could listen to L.A.X. by Big D and the Kids Table about a hundred times in a row hahaamovies =]the glass passenger =]--it's postsecret sunday everyone!has contacts finally, its been a long time coming. its quite nice to seeto do: raise lambs in the Alps and, in turn, become a german shepherd.17 soups in a hot platefound long lost Third Eye Blind cd!likes pina coladas and getting caught in the rainPerseids tonight!...though accompanied with a bright moon. =\ Still excited! =]quad day, got some fantastic posters, donated blood...productive day.is very anxious for House to start again in septembermoved in yesterday, got victoria moved in today, and now we're just..hangin out. in our room sweet room. outdoor concert and comedy tonight? yay!is back from the late nighter and didnt get hypnotized =[ and very hungry...my ID card has been found! =Dmoves out the day after tomorrowshot the moon!s last day of work is tomorrow... and it's gonna be a long one =[hey everyone! What A Wicked Gang Are We Below by Streetlight Manifesto!got caught in the rain =\wants to take a rorschach test...cuz lately im not dreamin so whats the point in sleepin? its just that at night i've got nowhere to hide. --love me some jack's mannequin =]lost her bromley id again... probably won't be so lucky to get it back this time. Darn these shallow pockets!bought some mod podge. is going to collage some things. rather excited."when you look annoyed all the time, people think you're busy."is going to the football game at shiloh tomorrow =] haha yaymisses writing as much as i used to. needs a journal.totally saw a guy with a neck brace looks both ways before crossing the street today. hahaa made my day for a bit"My son got into DeVry." "What'd he have to do, open the door?"its rainy and sun shiny and warm and beautiful =] but...its stopping.. sigh.has nothing (of interest) to do.there's nothing to writing. all you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein.bah. this always happens. ah well. thinking about making blueberry muffins.What do you call someone who speaks more than one language? A polyglot. What do you call someone who speaks only one language? An American.is out of cinnamon toast crunch =[needs a new camera =[pasta and criminal minds marathon and putting off readingwarped tour was fantastic =]bored, tired, work tomorrow and the next two days and then im done =] and then 6ish days from then i move in. delightful!....lost my bromley id. already. curse my absent mind.robot chicken!And the world might end tonight!you know whats cool? project runwayers making clothing out of newspaper.just can't get down to business...curse you, homework.may as well try and catch the wind. dee dee dee dee dee....snl tonight =]sick =\is tired and irritated. almost time for green tea and robot chicken! hope i get my stupid bromley id tomorrow.drew a blank...and put it in a frame."Uh, didn't ask about your hair, *PROPNAME*." "You asked with your eyes, *PROPNAME*. You asked with your eyes."jimmy fallon does one heck of a seinfeld impersonationI love when people misinterpret brutally depressing songs. Like Born in the USA, or Happy Birthday.has played more Freecell today than any man should.*PROPNAME*'s on Leno =]2 more classes, a quiz to fail, a long-awaited nap, and maybe dinner if i feel like getting up.feels absolutely great =Dback from the doctor with many many medsis still practically deaf in my right ear after two weeks... getting old, i say. unpleasant.off off off with your head,,dance dance dance til youre deadstill, i wouldn't mind punching something.you and i, we're just too shygot her books today. rather excited for intro to poetry. read sylvia plath and edwin arlington robinson on the way home =] also, got glasses today. not too sure how i feel about them. didnt not wear them on the way homeHOUSE! HOUSE EVERYONE, HOUSE!zooey deschanel and death cab for cutie front man ben gibbard got married =D how cuuutepaper done with 20 minutes to spare. poptart time.dakota fanning's getting beat up on robot chicken heh hehh..excellent.can't get enough glass passengerIt's "Fumbles". It's always been "Fumbles".meh. forgotten test in the morning.is Nancy Drew.got two pairs of cartilage piercings today =]going to play some piano!be excellent to each other!10 hour workday? boo.has consumed so many cough drops as of late, i'm making a wrapper bracelet with those too.Ah, love at first sight. When you see someone so beautiful that you forget they aren't there just for you.found Mad World sheet music =]some man sold his kidney for $20,000...sounds like a planlaptop finally came, woop. its purple. its lovely.500 Days of Summer was very very good =DCourage the Cowardly Dog is on!one more class, dr's appointment (hearing has improved!), missing House because of the midterm tonight =[watchin benny and joon =)9am class for tomorrow is cancelled. Huzzah!sent a postcard to postsecret yesterday =]s ears are sore haha. worth it! Nothing on the tube.... will continue to study for tmrs psych midterm momentarily =\ meh.wants to be able to put the wild things commercials on her ipod to watch allthetime =]is watching robot chicken. It's aliive!and by that i mean that everyone should listen to Viva Discordia by That Handsome Devil. now.Criminal Minds!feels she did poorly on her midterm; starts third psych class tmr; needs to create some ipod playlists; is preoccupied.gets to sleep in tomorrow! kinda disappointed that all my classes are canceled except one =\ wouldn't mind the whole day off.has a paper due tomorrow. will start in a bit, i think. would've helped to have read anything before this point. ah well!is downloading wilco and watching third rock from the sun!I've always known I'd be a bank robber. So judge all you want, ladies and gentlemen. Because you never did become an astronaut.crowd surfed at *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*! =DWe bet him five dollars that he would drown. A bittersweet victory.Overpopulation will only accelerate until we need walled cities to keep out the hungry, swarming, insane masses. And they will scrape and dig under the walls like bug eyed mole men. You say catastrophe. I say, fuck yes.Jai Guru Deva om... Nothing's gonna change my world.Err:520is rocking the casbah.HOUSE!is updating her facebook status.is off to brunch!needs another project. needs more chain.loves you, yeah yeah yeah.....curse this internet and//or computer. whichever one is currently sucking and screwing up facebook. screwing up everything!is looking into her personality type. has the same as luke skywalker, gandhi, and adam sandler, among others. is pleased.sabrina the teenage witch is on! i haven't seen it in years! =D really takes me back...You are beautiful, sir. But I hope you're interesting, too. Do you read? Do you think about what you read? I specifically told the agency I wanted someone who thinks about what he reads.might as well be walkin on the sun"the verdict falls like bachelors for bad-luck girls"And if a ten-ton truck kills the both of us - to die by your side, well, the pleasure, the privilege is mine.finished the rough draft of my explication of The Mill. *PROPNAME* is spectacular!"It wasn't radioactive," the doctor said, "it was a Brown Recluse spider." "Fuck that," I said, "My spidey sense is tingling!" "That's nerve damage," he said.the most interesting man in the world doesn't always eat soup. but when he does. he prefers cream of mushroom.hug a vegetarian day!I don't mean to seem disrespectful, officer. But god damn, I want like three of you.NEW SNL!i for one am loving the windalso just got back from seeing the Chief dance.needs something to do tomorrow//wednesday afternoon.. don't wana be around for fire code inspections.slept in like nobody's business today. makin biscuits.is making the coolest bracelet ever.i've got troubled thoughts and the self esteem to match. what a catch, what a catch. -- the music video is delightful =]check your time boy, check your timeis *PROPNAME*. Yes!is watching SNL =Dsuperfastinternet is beautiful."Every generation had its socially-conscious youth: flappers, beatniks, hippies, punks... Today we have hipsters, but instead of contributing largely to a social cause, they're just a bunch of pretentious pricks."nap, two classes, headed home.is just a teenage dirtbag, baby. Yeah I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. Listen to Iron Maiden, baby, with me. Ooohoooooo.. =DTruth and Beauty are wonderful words. But shrapnel is shrapnel. And at the end of the day I am alone with the things I have done.ordered a real winter coat today! It's been long overdue.is anticipating tonight's Criminal Minds!sophisticasherwood anderson
Seriously, if a guy that you're dating ever says or does anything to you that is really f*ed up, then leave immediately. Do not just keep hoping things will change for the better...they really WON'T.Still waiting....so glad Monday's a holiday!Why did they discontinue naptime after kindergarten?!?! I need a nap!Yay, finally got my computer set up at my house so I can actually USE the internet I'm already paying for!UGGGGGGHHHHH! My WoW account is totally screwed up and now they've "permanently disabled" it. So not cool!Wowsa....greeeeeeeat job news down the grapevine today! Uber-productive week!I feel like I'm drowning in paper work, uggh! :XBrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, cold day! Where are those 40+ degree temps we're supposed to be getting?!?!?!Awesome! First sunny day in ages...but now it's coldddddddddder again! :) :(Woot woot! Good week...super productive and busy, just the way I like it!!!I hope it snows enough to go sledding...who wants to go sledding with me!?!Crap, I think my eyes hate me. Far away stuff is super blurry now!!!!Rain, rain, go away, don't come back 'til I'm away!It's not that I can't live without you; it's that I don't even want to try.It's a beautiful day in a neighborhood, a beautiful day in a neighborhood, somewhere else in the world...
likes the sound of thunder.is so sleepy it's not even funny that's she can't get to sleep.is sore and wants the knot of muscles at the base of her neck to stop hurting. On the other hand, YAY I'M IN ILLINOIS! <3likes how the day sounds in this new song.is home. <3www.thejokerblogs.comsaw a nun zombie, and liked it. Also, *PROPNAME* + Tentacle!Man + Psychic Powers = GREAT Party.is in Kentucky. 421 miles into her 1100 mile journey home.was about to finish a digital painting before her tablet went haywire. Is now contemplating the many ways she wishes to exact her revenge on faulty technology.is celebrating her new haircut by listening to swinger music and generally looking like a doofus.has a crush on the Green Lantern.has magic on the brain.saw Transformers, Up, and Year One this week. Good movie overload. :DWho wants to meet up on schedule pick-up day at Oviedo?desires the thrill of inspiration. Also, money.is going to bed at 9:30! Yeah!is reading, admiring her permit, and occasionally glancing at her ner McDonald's uniform.thinks intangibility should be an option in reality settings.is tired. *PROPNAME*, let me go to sleep pl0x.is discovering the many flavors of insomnia.is watching cousin play computer game on televison box thing. Also, sleepy.Why is it I'm only getting the urge to draw when I have stuff to do for school? D;Who'da thought a single text message could be enough to change my mind?wishes to develop a super power that prevents her from needing to sleep.TELL ME WHAT TO DRAW, PLOX.found a bunny, bunny died, buried bunny, now is drawing.<3is just about insane by now.wants to sleep eight hours tonight. And so she shall.really hates hormones and emotions right now. Well, has hated them a lot recently. Goodness.has a watch that matches her glasses. She wishes she hadn't spazzed with glee when she saw it in the store.loved 9! Allegory, symbolism, talking ragdolls, satire, and explosions! Yes!can't sit on her futon because she knows as soon as she does she'll lie down and pass out. Uncomfortable rolly desk chair it is. :(should spend less time writing chapters for the story she'll never finish, and try reading more books. Preferably, during the daytime, and not at 3:00 AM.is watching kid's cartoons and wishing she weren't so old.has work tomorrow, and hopes they teach her how to use the cash register. :Dis grateful she did most of her work during her wait for a ride home this afternoon and then during the Open House. Sleeeep, she beckons.has a really confusing internal dilemma. She also wonders if anyone can guess what it is.thinks she needs to stop leaving so many pictures half-done before getting new ideas.has grown weary of drawing her paranoid, soldier//housewife Jynx character in comic form, and must thusly go to sleep to replenish her desire to work tirelessly on a mere audition.is seeing 9 tonight... maybe?is going to work on comics, then crash into her futon with all the love unconsciousness deserves.WEEKEND. I LOVE YOU.is listening to Relient K and thinking about plants, lawyers, and internships.is drawing instead of homeworking. :| This is fun, but not good.will sleep like a champion tonight.dishes, webcomics, laziness, internal lack of disruption. Alright.wishes she weren't ticklish sometimes. Right now, though, is not one of those times. :)has a magical ceiling.went to bed early, slept in, and still feels like she hasn'tgotten a proper night's sleep.got taught how to use the register (<3!!!~), enjoyed (500) Days of Summer, and is looking forward to going to the beach Monday.hates FML on principle.realizes traditional media hate her and has shunned her penvcils in favor of the tablet. That'll learn 'em.was all prepared to do her weekend homeowrk the morning it was due, but realized she left the necessary binder at school. FFFFFFFFFFFFF-has early work blargedy-argdey-blah. Minimuuum waaaage, I looove youuu.Far away // This ship has taken me so far away... Goshdarnit, Muse, stop being so awesome.is a little excited to see the talent show.is tired. She would sleep, but there's a cat on her desk that requires supervision.I don't hate you.// Well, you found me. Congratulations. Was it worth it?// The only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.// This isn't brave. It's murder.// What did I ever do to you?// You don't care, do you.// Please proceed to Andorid Hell.needs a stupid, fluffy book to read inbetween experiences of normalcy.will be up very late so she can ride with her dad to the airport to pick up her mamacita from a (as of now) 11:20 PM landing in from Illinois.IS IN COMPLETE LOVE WITH THE BLACKBERRY HER MOM JUST SURPRISED HER WITH. AND YES. SHE IS SO EXCITED, THAT CAPS ARE COMPLETELY NECESSARY. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3<3is looking forward to early January. Not the birthday per se, but the potential to meet a good friend. :)needs to stop listening to her normal playlist if she wants to stop waking up feeling like she's missed something big.spews toxic gas into your personal air bubble. It's super effective!has a comfortably comfy and mildly oversized cotton jacket from Wal*Mart. Yay, it's so soft. <3 <3 <3thinks Oviedo play was awesome (as it should be. Sleep, though-- she beckons sweetly with the promise of dreams and pillow-related comfort. Night all.just made a nucketful of cookies and a bunch of baked fries. :) Yes, I am awesome.has made more cookies, as well as a bunch of croissants for breakfast and piggies in various blankets for tomorrow afternoon. Despite the late//early hour, this is only further awesomeness.has a fair idea of how to manage the 2.5 kids cliche... She just needs a very strong gentleman named *PROPNAME* and thriteen wet napkins.saw Up. Also saw two Chuck Norris movies. FFFFFFFFFFFF- WEIRDEST MIX EVER.has an Autobot lunchbox, and can therefore die happy now. :) In other news, she has also spent the last three hours on an off reading a webcomic that started in 1999., in the post office, with the long-overdue copy of Photoshop for a friend. I win at the game of Clue.Clakclakclak rawrrrrr mel haxxxxxx RWRRRRRRRR LOLZLOLZLOLZLOLZ IM SO HOOD PUNK STOOPID YOWe are not who you think we are. We are Golden.I am a lumberjack with a Castro Hat.The day you wake up and realize you've just slept twelve hours and still want to sleep some more is the day you need to get back on a regular sleeping schedule.actually doesn't mind coloring with markers as much as she thought. Yay for coloring vividly creepy villainesses! :Dthinks maybe singing along with the radio during most of the eight-hour ride home didn't help her throat//cough//chestcold thingvery much.drove to a gas station. Number of times sent into a panic behind the wheel: 6. I hate 40 mph zones. D;A Great New Year to everybody. :) <3 Make the best of everything you see, and never let the bad stuff keep you down for long!has 48 hours to do pretty much all her break work, clean her room, do the dishes, rearrange the furniture in her room, and practive drop spins maybe a dozen more times. XD Why not, right?is open to requests.is frankly at a loss as far as her current internal project.is gonna stay awake all night. Then I should be able to just pass out at 9 PM tomorrow (today).can't sleep. Remedies?Why are the people I want to talk to never online when I am?needs to stop stressing over her personal stuff. Homework beckons with a bejeweled, smirking claw, and I must answer, tethered by iron to the responsibilities of real life.is in love with her hair today. <3was right. :) Today was pretty much fantastic, all around.feels tomorrow will be a busy and very nice day. :)is in the last day of her two-day mad dash to finish. Can she get all her work done it time???Is it a problem if my main reason to come to Facebook now is to join groups and become a fan of things?had a three hour nap this afternoon and can't sleep because of it.My dogs are so hood.is on a roll; one short of a turkey, now.can't breathe and feels like her insides are clawing their way out through her belly button. I hate pain.is reflecting on it and is actually very happy she's not in IB right now.has her class ring in with it's changes! Whoop whoop! <3 :DKISS. KISS. LICK. <3is too lazy to put her stuff back in order. Maybe tomorrow.has a serious crush on *PROPNAME*. <3
is in Floriderrr until the night of July 14this 65 degrees 87 percent humidity warm enough to go out tonight in shorts hmmis really fucking tired of my dad telling me that nothing I do or plan is important.is hoping some meditative (aka repetitive) work will pick her up and clear her head todayTransformers 2=the best trash I've seen in a long timedrowning misery in alcohol and Civ 4, 1v1 raging barbarians on a large mapIf anyone needs help in a math class, my friend *PROPNAME* is an experienced tutor so feel free to contact him. (Not taking any math classes myself, fuck math!!)It's official: I'd rather have watched 6 depressing foreign language films than this boring 2-hour long piece of crap called AdventurelandMan I'm not gonna end up finishing my portfolio website over break am Iseems I'll be back in NYC with the BF Jan 6 and 7, hmm what to dohas a functioning proto-website in just 3 hours (less if I hadn't forgotten everything about CSS & Wordpress)! Yay!Am I the only person who got all teary-eyed during *PROPNAME*'s emotional speech?Is anyone else catching the disastrous wordspacing on the screenshot for iBooks? Why cant each book be typeset the way it was for print?YAAAAAAAAAAAY SAINTS!!!! New York is out so Im pulling for you!!Seriously I dont know how male dominated Apple is but "pad" has a whole different connotation for us ladiesIt seems that Apple instead of creating a tablet Mac they created a big iPhone and one that doesn't seem to improve drastically on it. :(Im so happy for the Saints!!! Now time to sober up and look forward to the OlympicsJust realized Valentines Day//Chinese New Year is this Sunday, not Saturday...oops
snipers get more head
what is on my mind... not much... it is retreating from the coming tide of homework...first day of *PROPNAME* ScholarsR.I.P. *PROPNAME*.Can't go back to STA til Thursday cause of the stupid FLU!!!Always Look on the Bright Side of Life...is a National Merit Semifinalist!!! Yay!!is cramming on homework...is experiencing some Schadenfreude right now...is a National Merit Semifinalist!!! Yay!!!We could be sitting in the computer lab, 4 am before the final paper is due... OH CRAP!!!Hold thy piece, thou knave...is confused.is writing a paper that is due tomorrow... What? I should be writing it instead of writing this status? If you say so...Oh the irony... I am a dork.only 14 chapters left to read...Blue!!!Hang on a minute, i have to put my phone in my cheese so i can get out my keys to open this door...Look at spot. Spin. Attempt to find spot. WHERE IS SPOT? Oh. Behind me. That was not 360 degrees. Darn.Is done with her paper! now to the next one...Superbowl Monday!!! We should make it an official holiday.So much for no accumulation... :-)
is in a good mood, which is a nice change.is bored being back home already.needs something to do.enjoyed lunch today.Can't be arsed...needs sleep but doesn't want it to stop being tonight. Damn sleep is an awful habit.needs something to do tonight.Remember, remember, the Fifth of November, the Gunpowder Treason and Plot. I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot... But what of the man?just bought Five Finger Death Punch: The Way of The Fist as well as Breaking *PROPNAME*: Dear Agony, dilemma or what?! Votes below :)Is disappointed that his new watch did not come in a Heart-Shaped Box. Cringe I know but I'm bored :(thinks some people really need to learn to act their age.will engage his brain before asking anyone if they are free on the 14th of February in future ://
Damn, U.S. beat Spain? We should be proudhad a FOG sighting on the streetDistrict 9: not perfect but definitely lives up to the hypeneeds a job*PROPNAME* may have been out of line, but Single Ladies is much better than *PROPNAME*'s crappy song and mediocure video and at least for once he wasn't complaining about himself not losingDoes anyone have Skype? just got itCelebrated the New Year in true Oakland style, hearing automatic gunfire seconds after midnight"This is what it's all about, isn't it, listening audience? A brief seizing brilliance in the immediate air. A death-rendered flash of perfect equilibrium."-Don Delillo, Ratner's Star
is officially certified to teach English abroad! Now, to find a job. . .Am I the only one that hates the new shakira song?!! It's horrible!GOOO GATORS!!Why is there always a "gunman" on USF campus. . .didn't have to worry about that crap in Gainesville!Is getting anxious about Thailand and money :{Looking to go to the Gator game if anyone is selling a ticket (student or non)Just got to Thailand! Korean Air= best airlne ever! But sitting for 20 hours sucks no matter how good the movies are.Going ot Ko Chang Island to hopefully ride some elephants!I was one of the lucky ones to get air conditioning and internet in my apt in Thailand! Yay!Last day in Ko Chang : ( but teaching starts Monday : )I've been wondering why no one can leave me wall post. . .figured it out! Yay!Yeah, about that hot water....12 days and counting... . oh and Surrogates sucked! Save your money unless your want to see a crappy version of I Robot.After teaching for just 3 weeks, I finally understand the importance coffee plays in people's everyday lives.Never seen a 10 year old and a 60 year old driving a motorcycle on the same steet until today :)So I was watching the news in Thai and they showed a picture of the Earth and the Sun and a big comet like solar flare thing circling the Sun. .Umm is there something I should know? Do I need to find a bomb shelter? I am so out of the news loop, I found out the US health bill passed on Facebook for god sakes!Tahtako is small and no one speaks English, but the people are friendly!Lesson planning sucks. . .so I'm procrastinating.Is not looking forward to this reeeeeally long flight!3- Day weekend! Going to Chaing Mai! If anyone is going to be there, call us!I was woke up at 7:30 in the morning on Sun by my mother informing me of the Gator loss. If I wasn't so hungover I probably would have cried. : ( I still love you Gators!I'm wondering if I can make it through another 3 days of singing "head, shoulders, knees and toes" 10 times each day.Mash Potatoes were a big hit in Thailand!I love *PROPNAME*, I can't believe she died : ("Just let me live my life" -*PROPNAME*Not doing too well in the coordination department today. I ran the motorbike up some stair this morning and almost ate it just now (yet again on some stairs)At the beach in Bang Saphan! Didn't know how much I'd missed the water till I got here!I feel like its the end of an era in Gator football! : ( I am so lucky and thankful I got to go to UF when I did! Thank you Tebow and thank you Urban!Oh Bangkok, I will miss you and your lady boy calypso show hahaClass of 40 kids. . .3 showed up. .because it rained. That would never fly in Florida!I have ONE homework assignment for ONE easy weekend class and I can't bring myself to do it. . .holy procrastinator. .Whats wrong with me!Avatar was AMAZING! I loved it. Spend the money and see it in IMAX 3-D. I promise it's worth it!Watching the Rose Bowl online isn't as much fun. I have to keep refreshing to find out what happened the last play : ( Go SEC!Yay Friday!Could I be anymore bored?Can't wait for February so I can start traveling again!It’s hilarious trying to explain Easter to the Thai children. “Yeah . . so there’s this rabbit that comes to your house and hides eggs. . yes eggs . .and then you eat chocolate that’s shaped like rabbits and eggs . . and that’s how we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus Christ” haha. They either have a really confused look on their face or just laugh.An extremely attractive girl whos flirty personality and curvacious figure will keep you coming back for more. She's typically a brunette but occasionally acts blonde. She enjoys long relationships and has many close guy friends. Often mistaken for a "slut" but really isn't. She can also be a super bitch if you get onto her bad side. "dude, i want to hang out with that girl, shes such an *PROPNAME*" hahaDo I have a celebrity look-a-like?A kid in my class put a frog down another kids shirt today, along with the branches the frog was in. After the frog, leaves and branches fell out of his shirt, the boys spent 5 minutes trying to catch the frog, while I (the teacher) stood in the corner with the screaming girls afraid of the frog. Then the frog peed on the boy who caught it. Thank God it's a short school week!had to laugh when the doctor was cutting off her Thai good luck bracelets in order to put on a cast.Lame Canada! Sorry neighbors to the north, but after China’s opening Olympic ceremony 2 years ago, that was just weak. Even *PROPNAME* can’t show up 10,000 in sync drumming Chinamen. Glad the U.S. didn’t get the bid for 2010 lol.Thank you everybody! Love you all!
[13 hours in vcpa today... it's going to be a long day..!][. . . dammit! just remembered that i still have stuff to finish for work . . . & how did it get to be 2am?? . . .]"we go out in stormy weather · we rarely practice discern · we make love to some with sin · we seek out the taciturn · and that's the way we get by · the way we get by..."aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh..!~[no response IS a response... & as far as i'm concerned, it's the very worst one you could give someone...*sigh* oh well tho]~[...so f@#$% happy right now..!!! never saw that coming, not in a million years...] :D ;P :)~[booooooo..!]~...[well i may have screwed up~yet again~but the nice people who keep watching my crash & burn routine (one semester after another) have apparently not lost patience or given up on me quite yet...] ~i am truly grateful~[...][...well, it may not have been pretty (for the most part), but at least it's OVER!...] goodbye, fall semester '09 ~ you kicked my ass :|~ [...my phone is being lame today...] ~ready to not be freezing my a*s off in the vcpa lobby any more for today! ashley, i hope you bring a sweatshirt..!guys who claim to like me, present & future: [...quit telling me what you think i want to hear (especially if you have no intention of backing it up ~CONSISTENTLY~ through your actions)... & just start telling me how it TRULY is, dammit..! if in reality it's not enough, i have a right to know that, & you have no right to claim otherwise.].........................why can't i focus on writing my paper AT ALL??...........................[people should just stick to treating eachother the way that they really feel about one another, even if that means giving up whatever they might gain from pretending to like someone they really don't, or having to deal with the temporary awkwardness of admitting that they made a mistake, or changed their mind... or whatever. just a thought.]finally almost done in the vcpa! 54hrs since wednesday is enough!"yeah! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too... as i'm saying it.""No, I'm not going to leave you out here. If I do that, I'll probably get fired, and then I'll do something stupid, and then I'll go back to jail." ~coach mcguirk [home movies is one of the best shows ever] :)¡felíz año nuevo, mis amigos y mi familia!"yeah, i know! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too---as i say it" ~ coach mcguirkcharlatán, -tana n, mpl -tanes 1 : chatterboxHAHAHA ~ love this!: "Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons. My wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of. Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying. 93% won't copy and paste this... They have been eaten by dragons.""miss anna, you must remember, you have been a very difficult woman ~ much more difficult than is generality." ~ the king (from the king & i) i love this movie..! [normally can't stand musicals, too...]"we don't use the term 'insane' ~ we prefer 'mentally hilarious'." ~ family guy"hello, customers! if you're watching this, then you may or may not be a candidate for laser eyeball surgeries! how do you do?? my name is ping pong von laserstein ~ today, we're going to talk about your eyes..."
wishes teachers only day would last da rest of da week... mayb evn da rest of da yearis totally xcited for da ball 2moz yay!!!!! :Donly 2 more days!!!!!!does not think its fair we have 2 go back 2 school n friday!as of yesterday i am officially out of the moon boot!!!!i hate winter its so frikin cold!!!!!!!!cnt sleepits fun 2 lock younger siblings outside wen it cold nd dark... especially wen dey bein anoyinTRAGEDY!!!!!!!!!!! haha shame laura ive claimed in frnt of evry1!!!!i love weekends! <3Barley sugars taste goOd!!!!!!!chocolate cake smells goOd!!!!!the harry potter movies jsut continue 2 disappoint me nd yet i neva learn :Pdoes not know if her english essay is due 2moz or monday...allen's mackintosh toffee de luxe coconut lollies r goOd!!!!!!!!! <3has epically failed her english exam nd is epically even a word?is bored and shud be studying sumting...loves the sun!!!!! <3qatapponescons!!!!!!!!nutella on a spoon tastes gud especially at 1 in da mornin :Plolz putting ur language on pirate is fun :Dis glad the computer is working again!!!! :Dphysics is gay!!!!!AHHHH!!!! my poor shins :(im countin down da days till friday!!!!is bored...wow glow sticks r soO funky!!!!!mock exams r makin me insomniatic dat is soO not kool!mMmMm!!!!! wheatens taste goOd!!!!!! :Pdoes not enjoy the idea of writing an essay at all :(is worried about not being able to write an essay on katherine mansfield short stories this friday :sonly one more exam and den im FREE!!!!!!!!...until november...being sick is not enjoyable...seriouslyis glad 2moz is fridayMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!! strawberries and chocolate cake tastes soO goOd!!!!!!!!IM FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!YAY!!!!!!!!! SARAH GOING 2 SKOOL NEXT YEAR!!!!!!!!!!! SPONTANEOUS EXCITEMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :DOMFG!!! hus clever idea was it 2 snd our year books in da mail caws myne is freakin ripped in half becaws of da rain i mean seriously da old system was fine!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if it not bloody broken den dnt fix it!!!!!!! stupid bastard >:(AHHHHHHH!!!!!!! exam 2moz!!!!!! :OmMmMm!!!!! nutella on a spoon!can't wait to live at the lake!!! :Dhas officially deleted her bebo pageis planning to kill james patterson if he decides 2 kill fang in da next maximum ride book >:|MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!!!! i hope you all have a wonderful day :D <3is having fun on mystery google lolz :Dyay!!!! its almost christmas :Dwow it's been like a whole year already soO freaky well n e ways happy new years eve!!!!i hate younger brothers...the spiders are revolting!!!!!!!!yay for chocolate ice cream!!!!!!we want a SHRUBBERY!!!!YAY!!!! i pased wid M =Dhappy christmas eve!!!!! :DHAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!! i love the sound of fireworks :Dwhite with black polka dots and pinkyay!! im finally goin 2 c avatar :D
Facebook me marea. Me hates it long time T-T
what is this, horseville? because i'm surrounded by naysayers!I have no phone! The iPhone 3.1 OS upgrade broke my phone.My iPhone is down again
had a great day at church...so not a day for work... good thing I'm working nights this week... :Dtransformers watched....is living life one day at a timejust watched an episode of locked up abroad... dont take your freedom for granted people... its a blessing...is going to die to selfis happy for his gf. Congrats babe, I knew you could do it!!In contemplation mode...Jesus said to love others as you love yourself... So FIRST you have to love yourself!!is trying to fight it offis doing to die to self...had a great weekend with her... we have to do that again babe...is kinda having a rough morning... but its looking up...is worn and battle weary... but i refuse to give up...Today is another day. You dont get better by making a right choice once. You get better by making the right choice... everyday... over and over again...is learning... constantlyfirst time in a long time... I feel like writing...is at an interesting stage in his life...is sick.is...is etching closer to becoming stir crazy..is back home... sleepy but cant sleep just yet...needs to tie up loose ends...is going to sleep... soonhas had an interesting start to saturdayis transitioninghad a great nightis going to spend some time with her...has tied up one loose end... feels lighter alreadyis still patiently waiting for 9bye fbis sickAfter a slight rebuild... Betsy 2.0 lives to surf the net again!!Merry Christmas people!!!feels loved and appreciated...had a wonderful night with family and friends... the night cap was wonderful though... WEEEEE!! I got my shirt!!!is celebrating with her...Celebrating 1 year...is smilingThere can be no complaints from the Arsenal fans about today's results... wunna get wash off...
Is watching Sweeney Todd (forgot it was a musical xD)has lovebites.Give me some help people what are the aurgements for or agaisnt giving some one`s genetic information without there consent?Is a Sad Panda since is wet, tired and cold from jogging from the union to hawthorns in the rain =(is a bad personSelling Nikon D60 Digital SLR Camera - Black with lense (AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f//3.5-5.6G VR) for £330 contact if intrested.is really stupid...Squirrel!!!is so lucky to have a friend as BRILLIANT as *PROPNAME*. and also loves *PROPNAME*. but everyone knows that *PROPNAME* is an elbow bashing DICK.is stupid
plan to give away money!!!!its that time of the year again!!!!!stunned!!!!!!!isssllliiipp ho gaya ji!!!!where is the light that i seek?to do or not to do...............invisibleneeds a vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!fullllll tooo bindassssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!just does it!!!why do ppl bitch all the time!!!!!!!
Writing, then 2 chapters homework, then bed. Or just Loveline ?My mind is so confusing, it's scary.I just....I can't do this without family...friends. Anybody ?Getting together map, snacks, music, and up-all-night accessories for Hollywood. Will starting driving at 4 am.Loveline, pills, and a kitty. Best combo ever. night.Fucking hell, grrrr....Gah, head's pounding. I wish I wasn't in so much pain. It makes the pills that much more tempting...Okay, so what are the different plans for Friday night in LA ? There's *PROPNAME*...?Some people say pain can be controlled by the mind. I do not agree with these people. It doesn't mean I don't admire them though.Doctors seem to want me to sit out. In a wheelchair...no fucking way. I'd rather walk down the street with tears streaming, than be benched....which, unfortunately, is not too far off.Well anyway, fuck it. I'm gonna die young but happy. Rather than healthy and old.Gonna be 83 degree today ! Coffee, sunshine, and sweet email from a friend. Day started with love, is continuing, and will end in love.Home...finally. Sooooo tired...gonna get a couple hours before work starts up again.Alright, recharged as it were. If this is a night of no dark dreams; you are a miracle worker too.Easy to read; I like that !Sleeeeeeeeeep......I find I'm enjoying tiny poetry. Such as: Rain- My ears hear a drip, drop, splash It's more of a scream, laugh, live And you make it so hard not to be cliche. You pile on my dreams, Like power lines on a sky. Is it raining where you are ?Not tired, must sleep. Long week ahead, and no weekend. Friday is no longer a day off. Sore all over, but I asked for it. Cig, Loveline, sleep...smile, love, remember.Today was a much needed day off !! Back to a fake smile tomorrow, but rejuvinated by friends tonight.It's moments like this that I wish I worked for Walmart. I hate rape. I'm no good at counseling "victims". Especially when it's a parental perpetrator. Why is this the way of the world ? Why is it reality ?Blah ! Work lots, need money. Not worth it really. I'm loosing the happiness !!Sore throat starting out. Tempted to gargle vodka, but must get some work done.Frustrated beyond all hell, blog isn't helping."I've been high, and I've been down, my head in the clouds and my hands on the ground. "I think I would be dead without my heating pad. I am completely serious.I don't know where my mind is in this moment. It's so fleeting; emotion. I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. And like *PROPNAME* says, a shotgun just leaves a messed up wall. Ah well. Random thoughts. Better go to bed before that crap goes deeper.Gah, headache. Okay my body's failing me; I'm going to put off work 'til tomorrow and take care of myself now. Ice cream, giant sweater, warm bed...I'm comin'.Okay, people, seriously..."lol" is so blood annoying when you use it on every line.Fuck. Okay, file another tragic story in a box of my mind to be dealt with when I no longer have a heart. Wonder how much longer it'll take...not too long now.Okay, I'm no good at positivity right now. That's my work "hat". So sue me.Ah coffee....makes the world go 'round.I feel emptied out; please rain down on me...darkness and light, come fill me up.Okay, must sleep. Must work in mere hours...ah who am I kidding ? I don't sleep. Or eat. Just smoke...and work. And love.Got the new iPhone 3GS. Don't ask how, I won't tell you. But thank you."I like my chicken fried, a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up !"QTD: "'Flower' usually refers to a vulva in general, not virginity or 'cherry popping' as the kids would say." Hahahaha"Little red bird under a chair, waiting for the crumbs to fall. Daddy said, 'Get a job'. Well don't you see, Daddy, how good I am at catching crumbs ?"Aggrevated that I let someone else take me from really happy to hurt and depressed. It's on me to change my reaction to be one of Loveful Me.I need to be asleep. I get up in....5 hrs ? No idea really. What am I doing again ?"For a moment I love everything I see and think and feel...""Walking by the river I...reach my hands to cup the sky. It runs down my arms...a bitter blue. Turn to red, and the gashes grew." God, this song...every word is raw and honest.I am what I make of myself. I am Love. I am.I wish I was in NYC and seeing *PROPNAME* tomorrow night....I need to go back to my live food diet. Not 90% like before, but I bet I could do 75% without losing too much weight..It's ugly here. But there are sparks...moments. Love.I guess it all depends on your mood...why can't these meds be any damn good ?"I believe in love. It's just my heart that keeps turning me down. I believe in love, I think it's just fine."I always want the blog to be the magical valve. Turn it on, write, be healed. It never is though. And now I still hurt, I just feel more raw now. As long as I stay with the emotion and don't deny...I'll be alright.Fucking musicians. Fuck musicians...<3Now that I'm done writing, I need food...hmmm....I did that shit with spasms, AND after 8 shots of espresso today. WHO DA MAN ?? Beauty school, here I come...right after this next Criminal Minds. <3I have to find the superhero I use to be. I can't bring myself to believe it was just the Love of a silly boy that did it.(Breast cancer awareness question - what colour bra are you wearing ?) No colour. I'm not a fan of bras lately. But this is a stupid FB idea. It doesn't really raise awareness unless you also say what the hell it's about ! Stupid, stupid.My most awesome friend just surprise-attacked me with a present of a dark chocolate bacon bar...drool. Best. Moment. Ever.Again, my company and night are ruined by some physical ailment of mine. I am fucking tired of it.Wow, fresh air. Crazy. Good day sunshine, you're my favourite star.Okay, sleep. Dreaming of bacon and dark chocolate. mmmm....To be something I am not...that is what I'll be when I grow up. God, it'll be stunning.Okay. Maybe not sleep.Pain is a bitch.Got called in to work tomorrow. At least I don't have to run groups. Bed early tonight.Wow been a tiring and painful day. Gonna set up a movie and try to relax. Love to all of my beautiful friends and family for the support and awesomeness of who they are. And a high five to my Surgeon who is THE man and gives me hope of having a less painful life. <3 you all. You make me happy, yes YOU.My most Awesome Surgeon says I can try walking today and if all goes well, I can work tomorrow !! YAY !! I'm gonna need the money if I wanna try and quit this job to focus on my other jobs//opportunities. Wish me luck on the walking ! I'll report back.Just ate a nice happy cow filet with red wine reduction. Wish my feet weren't throbbing so I could really cook !! Tomorrow we shall throw down...my 12-in skillet and me.Having surgery today. I can't wait to be in hospital. I'm not a big fan of surgery. But hospitals feel like home to me. Calming in the chaos.Reading an amazing book called Stranger in a Strange Land. Now I'm listening to Loveline and trying to rest for the god-aweful full day tomorrow.Off to a training, not back til Sunday. So tired. So in pain. Starbucks will make it all better, I know it !Last day at work. I caught myself laughing at something horrific last night. Laughter is how I cope, but...I can't wait to laugh at happy things again.
A textbook a week, argh...Still recovering... I look like a big fly!0_0can read with his right eye now. No worries. ^^Happy Thanksgiving everyone~Addicted to Les Miserables...Block 2 is over! Time to relax...Finally, a three day weekend to.... catch up with school....Moving is such a hassleMemory~ All alone in the moonlight~ I can smile at the old days... When the dawn comes Tonight will be a memory too~ And a new day will begin
is excited for July 3rd.is rather enjoying her little vacation in Oshkosh.Is getting married in a little over a monthisn't sure what to think about things.is waiting for August 28th at 4:15. Horray for the beginning of the rest of my life!has cold feet.is terribly confused. It feels like my mind is warring with itself...is thinking hard and excited for her new Xanga layout!thinks pipe tobacco is way better than cigarettes.doesn't know how to cope with all of this stress... I think I've cried about 10 times in the last 3 days...continues to befuddle herself.was NOT able to push her wedding date back to the fourth of September. The presiding judge was full-up. The date remains August 28th at 4:15.is sick.....still. And possibly jobless in 2 weeks. That is, if no more positions open up for me at Wal-mart.hopes that wal-mart hires her, now realizing her blouse was open during part of the interview.maybe a kitty would be a good christmas gift for *PROPNAME*....still getting over that cold from last week.... but hey at least everyone's laid off the "quit smoking!" bit....is at home on her first scheduled day off. And I'm bored out of my mind.is still rather fluish.is thinking that the poor girls doing that "single ladies" are getting dissed too much. I've seen younger girls doing lewder dances with less clothes. Seriously.would work a spell if not for the moon being void of course...is sick and tired of people who comment on every SINGLE status update, no matter how INSIGNIFICANT. We've been here before, you know who you are.is having a little boy!bought her 2010 Farmer's Almanac today.... horray for not having to write down every single sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset, and void of course pattern for next year! wOOt!stayed home from work to take care of her hubby. By the way, the yorkie babies are so ADORABLE!thinks that she needs some numbers from friends.needs someone to drink for her on Dec. 12th since I'm pregnant and can't... lol6 more days.... I'm counting down! And bah on all you snow-haters. All I know is I don't have to shovel this year, thanks to my loving hubby. Thank you hubby :)is still sick. Oh well.hm, low-signal internet? works for me.I don't want to miss this weekend, but i might have to.... shitty weather and my hubby can't work today.... I think I might cry cause I really, REALLY wanted to go..... why did I ask for snow? I only wanted a little!Finally! Snow in Reedsburg. I'm so happy there's gonna be snow on my birthday!just woke up to half an inch of snow and is so happy, she's going outside in her pajamas to sweep it off her porch! That's no sarcasm folks..... I'm really excited. :) 5 days!is a little upset about the amount of snow, and hopes she gets enough birthday money to visit her parents this weekend.Well, Reedsburg certainly has an interesting way of plowing the streets..... 2 more days.feels 8 months pregnant.... but really I'm only 5 1//2.....wonders if its just coincidence that mine and my best friend's birthdays are EXACTLY twoo weeks apart.Classes start 1//26 at 1:30 pm. I'm so excited!is eating stroganoff, waiting for her hubby to come home and then maybe some sleep.6 more days.... I'm counting down!The siren in Reedsburg keeps going off. It's not the normal noonblast siren, it sounds like an air-raid siren and continued for 10 minutes. Can anyone tell me how to find out what the damn things mean?SLEEP>WAKE UP>EAT>MORE WALLS AND FLOORS!wishes vampire wars didn't take so long to put monies and energy back to your character.TAPS then bed....Sends out yuletide greetings to all her friends! I love you all and have a very merry holiday!More walls! More floors! I need to make the sims 2 even more amazing!!!!Hopes no one else bought a baby book for *PROPNAME*... I'm up to three now!Going to grandma b's for dinner, then to sheboygan falls tomorrow... .what a busy weekendThank you everyone for the birthday wishes and the cards. You guys made last week special. :)Greatly dislikes the USPS. They damaged my christmas card :(4 days folks, then up to mercer with my son and my loving hubby. I love you, hubby :)Had a wonderiferous birthday. :)is drowsy still... at least I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night... a rarity these days.found out The Used put out a new album this past year. How did I miss that one?is a little upset about not being able to get a good connection all day. I'll try again tonight....Cody's car is GHEY.work on the forum is done for today..... now time to get lunch for me, connor and the baby and watch Wall-E again.....going to be another long and boring week. So glad i don't have to go anywhere for a few months after this weekend.Wishes she could post her awesome playlist to gaia but can't figure out the coding for it.actually got some good sleep for once :)knows what connor got from her.... he is such a little drama king, screaming bloody murder at time-outs!sleepy...... >.> Working on the forum.ugh... i hate this. Why is sleep such an issue when you're pregnant?hates facebook, the internet, and her monitor.is unloved <//3hopes they schedule her C-Section at her doctor's appointment on Wednesday.Tommorrow, I turn 21. I'm super excited. And I can't wait for 4 pm to roll around..... Mercer, here I come!It never fails... I go to lay my son down for a nap and someone inevitably begins pounding on something, making it impossible for him to sleep.They got me.... those darn Zynga games..... so addicting.....3//3//10 *PROPNAME* is coming!i need a massage. Now. Any takers?I should have gone to bed earlier than 1:30 am..... guess I forgot that *PROPNAME* was going to be up at 7....hubby is sick, connor is crabby..... I'm just tired.finally found out who got her hubby and kid sick... and is pissed that she didn't find out until her son started puking.has discovered that is an AWFUL idea to sleep on her back.Getting my son to take a nap is like pulling teeth.well, my kid and *PROPNAME* are better now..... just waiting for it to hit me...I WANNA PLAY GF!I think my part of the RP forum is done... we will need some moderators so anyone interested please send a meassage to me on here and I will get you set up with an account and send a linky.... thanks!Pali Tank FTW!absolutely HAS to remember to call MATC and drop her class.I'll be back tomorrow, I'll be back at a quarter to eleven. I'm half drunk and I can't see straight, I hear a zero with a capital "Z". You got me singing songs from the balcony as the city crumbles under the powers of an evil doctor rocket science monster with capabilities to destroy the entire universe.PANTS ON THE GROUND! PANTS ON THE GROUND! LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND!sleepy.......TAX REFUND!City of Angels hads reconfirmed my belief that *PROPNAME* is AWESOME.is tired.spent another sleepless night tossing and turning, only to get up at 9 am and deal with a kid who, I swear, has the loudest, most ear-piercing scream I have ever heard (and uses it). To top it all off, I got a call from the clinic saying that I'm anemic, and they want to put me on yet ANOTHER iron supplement that I can't afford. FTW.going to the in-laws for dinner then home for the evening.can finally be on the net at the same time as her husband.... hooray!is feeling it. >.>doesn't want every status commented on. once in a while is fine but EVERY status? It's starting to get annoying. You know who you are.has a naughty son.tried to shovel. It was a bad idea.it's been a good week.is feeling better after sleeping on clean sheets.Tell me that you're all right, and everything is all right.Only one level left on Grand Fantasia, then I am a Palidin!had a great holiday. Hopes the new year will bring better luck....new profile image..... and the funny thing is, now that i think about... *PROPNAME* IS a lot like *PROPNAME*.....To celebrate Valentine's Day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse//significant other, and make sure to tell how long you've been together!thinks both her and her husband have sleep apnea.My net sucks big, hairy, red man-balls. ARGH!I am the eggman, they are the eggman, I am the walrus! Coo Coo Cachu!smells justice has been served. What goes around comes around, and it definately came around for you, *PROPNAME*!
Back from vacation and tiredIts a good night for fishing.Damn close game on Monday. My Dolphins almost pulled it off!It was a close one! But a W is a W, GO DOLPHINS!Sick as shit.HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!! Thank a veteran dammit!How about thems steelers?Done with FinalsPassed the PRAXISNicel little test for *PROPNAME*!! Way to show them *PROPNAME* how to play PRO football!!
misses the kitty-catsDear Santa, next year I just want a smaller ass.
Bout to go to sleep. Goodnight for tonight. Yoooo that just rhymedtired of all the bull ish. Im bout to just say screw it cause i dont have time for people and there drama. stepping back into senior mode 2010 FINAL YEAR, HELL YEAH*PROPNAME* make things work
well I gotta do some cleaning and laundry so I am off to the honey do'sWishes that the curveballs would stop coming soon.Its been a long restless nightI wish The beer was tasting better tonightis getting ready to leave town for the weekendI couldnt sleep good last night and really hope I dont start getting tired in the middle of the day.Is not looking forward to doing my to do list the wife left meI really think I may have taken to heavy of a work load in my classes this semester.Day 1 Patience. Say nothing unkind to your spouse. It is better to say nothing than to say something you will regret later.off to try and sleep
s first day of work was rough. Nice, but rough.hates the person downstairs. I'm trying to work up here. I don't need you singing a vocalese while you're gargling at the sink. I mean really.... iphone 3.0 release a DAY LATE? FU!<3 *PROPNAME*'s ginger candy.is mad that the fair ended up being more about mud than anything else.is mad that the store was out of wonton rolls. DO NOT FRY SPRINGROLL WRAPPERS. It will not work.Motorola S305!!!s gf likes everything, apparently.Set up a mobile router. Was way easier than I thought it would be.is a bad person.s world is rocked with the ht820.is amazed out how more effective individual updates are at getting rid of his possessions than a single photo album. Only two more pieces of furniture to go!finally remembers the meaning of summertime Friday nights.had an awesome 4th.I talked to a guy today who was convinced chemical engineering was "mixing elements to make things that use chemicals." Might make more sense if he didn't mean it literally. Oh well.Who wants free stuff? The more I get rid of, the less I have to move. Dresser? Coat Rack? Shelves? Desk? Bathroom Stereo? Really people, you're doing me a favor by just taking it.just set up network printing even though everyone said it was impossible. HA!Who wants a FREE TV? Please just come and take it!!!I'm still mad that I got into Jazz Band (the good one even) but I can't do it because of Thermo. THIS IS THE FIRST TEMR OF COLLEGE I WILL NOT GET TO PLAY MUSIC. GRAWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!made eggrolls the right way.Free Shelves!!!!!<3s feeding time at the aquarium.is sick of removing quiz results from his news feed. Please friends, just share the ones you reeeeaaaaaaaly like.I know Grad School is having an effect on me when I read my vending machine selection as "C-naught". Mmm Ritz bits.just got drunk with the Germans in his suite. Maybe there's something to grad dorms after all.has tea!!!!!Westbound on the Mass Pike you see signs for Springfield and Albany; almost like being in Oregon.Next term I'll have a lab and get to do SCIENCE every day. Until then I have a cube and get to do HOMEWORK every day.No, I'm sorry; a manometer is not a device that goes off when *PROPNAME* is nearby.sure hopes Venture Bros. goes into season 5.If you split a raw almond in your mouth, the halves are completely smooth on the inside. Why does this never lose its novelty?thought everyone might like to know he was voted biggest nerd out of all the ChEs...Damn feeder valve keeps clogging.LHC: 2 beams WOOOOOO!Whaaaat? I actually liked Avatar?I find it frustrating when non friends post pictures of friends; it leaves me without the option of leaving snarky comments. *grumble*It'll take a lot of convincing before I'll even THINK about watching Caprica. Reimagined Battlestar can KMA. I might change my mind if the writters demonstrate they're capable of keeping the plot details straight through the whole series. Thoughts anyone?I highly reccommend *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME* rules.Woot. One craigslist adventure down; one to go!wonders why more people don't say "twenty ten"Damn boxcutter.got into Jazz Band. Rehearsal is at 2:30. Have to bus home to get my horn. So much for getting work done today.is high on swing dance. 'cept it's really late now...Why is it impossible to sit in the tub with the shower on and not feel emo?Wow, campus eye doctor is really fast. Go UMass!broke a $900 piece of equipment today. *sigh* live and learn.Woo. New glasses will be ready next week!Just went skateboarding for the first time in my life. It'll be a few days practice before I can make it through campus.just realized it's a lot easier to breathe when you don't live in the grass-seed capital of the world.: saved by Wolfram Alpha.
The bike home for lunch is rather exhilarating when oversized truck make right turns from the left lane, without turn signals. At least do it when the light is green maybe?Finally decided on a new name for kitty! Sassafras :)sassafras has the sniffles :(is so glad that the fire alarm will save us from excess water vapor. . . from the dryer. grrr.from my vet school app, hours I have spent working & volunteering with animals and veterinarians: 3690marathon on the square at 10pm for happy hour?kitty thinks my leg is fun to climb up. ow. But it's hard to be mad when the purpose of the climb is to snuggle with me :)is kinda glad my front brake is now functional, otherwise I would likely have been squashed by a little yellow car today.just got a kitten!!! Any name ideas for the itty bitty kitty?mmmm. . . cannibalism day in my dead ppl class :)
fie! Time, Inc. has blocked gchat... does this mean I have to be productive now?is in search of the perfect margarita... :)I was sitting at LaGuardia, wondering why my flight was delayed, and then I saw on the TV that there had been a bomb threat and evacuation earlier today... lucky meeeedo i have to take out my nose ring and join the corporate world?just spent the last hour looking at photos from junior abroad in london, and is dying to go backhmmm i better not fail my pass//fail...is struggling :( :( :( :( :(ewww 33" of snow... apparently the most at one time since 1969!LAW SCHOOL IS TOO HARD!thanks everyone, but i decided to get younger this year... :)
It's time I fire up this life I'm livin' in!Cuando la vida misma te ha puesto en un aprieto, ¿qué es lo que se debe hacer?Que es lo que en realidad se debe de hacer? Lo que el corazón dicta o lo que la razon te dice?Es momento de aprender a dejar ir las cosas. Por favor, que aquella luz, guía mía, me lleve a los lugares indicados.Oscilando entre la infinidad de la mente y la infinidad del sueño...Hay veces en las que simplemente quisiera olvidarme de todo y refugiarme en la profundidad de mi mente...Meus somnerium... En busca de un pequeño momento de comprensión...De vuelta al mundo interno sin límites!Por favor, que las cosas mejoren! Si es que en verdad alguien puede ayudar, que le otorguen lo que necesita!Getting ready for the fun! Escapada espiritual al corazón del oráculo... Riviera Maya! Meus somnierum!I want to reconcile the violence in your heart! I want to recognise your beauty is not just a mask! I want to exorcise the demons from your past! I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart! (Gracias a Sofi por la canción tan genial!)I just... Don't know what to think anymore...Life truly has special ways to show us what we need... in the weirdest moments////f i n a l f a n t a s y////"I know. I'm not alone... not anymore."Back to the routine, then...
Debating on whether or not to drink...alcohol...is really into the Cocteau Twins and Depeche Mode right now.
is at work! >.<hopes that transformers isn't sold out!is going to the mellow mushroom after work at 8.must be insane for starting a twitter accountHates *PROPNAME* for starting her on this damn farm town app. You all must stert playing now and give me gifts! And mafia wars too. FML I'm a loser.la la la la!Hello, to high and dry.is in the Bluff!loves the gorilla face!This is my face Covered in freckles With the occasional spot and some veins This is my body Covered in skin And not all of it you can see And, this, is my mind It goes over and over The same old lines And, this, is my brain It's torturous analytical thoug*PROPNAME* comes back tonight!!! YAAAAAYYYY!!!!!!is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacationrealizes that she has friends on Facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? Discuss:is reading Master and Fool, the convoluted finally to The Book of Words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... Such a Nerd. >.<is creating a LinkedIn account, as if she didn't already have too many networking accounts to keep track of!I, I'm thinking it's a sign That the freckles in our eyes Are mirror images, and when we kiss They're perfectly aligned And I have to speculate That God himself did make Us into corresponding shapes Like puzzle pieces from the clayis at work... yay.thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.is stressed... but has great tickets for the game! row 1 baby! Woot!got a jersy from *PROPNAME*, a clean car from her mother, and a free portfolio from her sister! Not too shabby for the unexciting 22nd birthday. :D Thank you everyone!dealing with crazy people all day... A&A ppl: don't forget the lecture tonight! Not sure what it is about though... :P>.<absolutely hates AutoCAD. Why am I still in architecture?Come on UT: We need a touchdown!is blah blah blah....but... TGIF!!! Happy weekend everyone!!!GODDAMNIT!!!! FUCK YOU LINCOLN!!! Kick HIGHER! And the guy took off his helmit! We should have had a re-kick! What BS is this? AAAARRRRG!!!!!!I just realized that the song "All I wanna do is make love to you" by Heart is about a woman picking up a stranger and seducing him in order to get a child... Wha?GAAAARRRG!!!would like to bash her head against a concrete wall.will be in knoxville for break. >.<'a;lkdhoarjenfpreoijnwill post some Halloween pictures... eventually.has come to the realization that I hate Architecture. Hate it. Integrations is the worst experience ever. I'll be happy passing with a C.hopes to have her drawings finished in exactly one week from now... let's see how THAT works out......?is inactive.is upset. *PROPNAME* ditched our appointment I made, after I waited in the office for about an hour, and now I'll probably never get to talk to her. I wish she'd actually do her job in stead of taking 5 hour lunch breaks then leaving early.... Bitch.is hungry.needs to suck it up.Due to a lack of anyone being interested in my life updates, I will write here and delude myself that someone wiill read it later and actually care... Got a new phone yesterday: a Palm treo. Had to pay $30 a mo extra to use it, but now I'll be able to use the interwebz while in White Bluff. 30 dollars is a fair price to put on cabin fever prevention. Maybe I should Tweet this too. :P*PROPNAME* made it up to me today... after I waited for her for a half hour past our appointment time. Sheesh. But *PROPNAME* was awesome enough to let me have some hot chocolate :)is in Knoxilla for a few days. Trying to get this Germany thing settled. Still. Garg!just got skype. name: ljacocke
Quote from a Christian Fundementalist idiot: "Can you prove your point or are you just going to spout out evidence all day?"has renamed his iPod: *PROPNAME**PROPNAME* Fails.is quite liking girls aloudAhhhhhhh! Raisins!Toblerone, Darth Vader? And then you stab him.There's a Flying hooker watching you hug.What have you got against baboons in Mime?Big Red Button! http:////www.milaadesign.com//bigred.htmlComputers have feelings too. http:////www.collegehumor.com//article:1752773Only *PROPNAME* can win "THE GAME"A bag o' weed, A bag o' weed. Oh, everything is Better with a bag o' weed.is watching LOONEY TUNES!Sex, Drugs, Rock 'n' Roll and COOKIES!How many people aren't using their *PROPNAME* Ticket?What does the mango smoothie taste like? Does it taste like oranges?is nearly in 40th awake hour.I have my lip Pierced!What flavour do your chihuahuas come in?Napalm is Nature's Toothpaste.There must ALWAYS be a Clown!Blonde, Blonde, Blonde, Blonde, BLONDE!AUUUGHH! MY KINDEYS! THE BUTTERY SHRAPNEL! IT BURNS!Back from a Frances!As everyone else is... Any else got Rosemary White as a Tutor?Dolphins can see the future with perfect clarity. That's why they're always screaming!BUBBLES!!Senor Balloony-head sponsors *PROPNAME*!!I am going to call my kids Ctrl, Alt and Delete. Then if they mess up I will just hit them all at once.*PROPNAME* can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.5 'A*'s, 5 'A's, 2 'B's. (For people who I haven't talked to yet.)Vodka-time.Is converting to pastafarianism. Worship his noodleyness!is bored as hell, so Interesting people must talk to me.Sobering up Tonight, from a 2 week drinking spree!I want *PROPNAME* the Antelope.Tennis is a fickle sport. No matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better."What the hell is that, *PROPNAME*?" "Dunno. Some kind of Cat Dinosaur."has a Brilliant plan: Vodka Pie!"Today, I was thinking about the expression 'revenge is a dish best served cold'. Then I considered that 'revenge is sweet'. I've come to the conclusion that revenge is ice cream. MLIA"is not drunk, just posessed by a highly retarded ghost.Bored of blonde. Is now Purple.When life gives you lemons, you burn them with your homemade flamethrower!"Hardcore Dancing" - It looks like epileptic kids trying to swim.http:////notalwaysright.com//when-mood-swings-attack-part-2//522 Last line especially Funny.Life is like a Grapefruit. It's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half of one for breakfast.Fear My Mighty Pigeon Army!!!!Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll fuck you with a rake.I don't want to die now. I've still got a headache. I don't want to go to heaven with a headache, I'd be all cross and wouldn't enjoy itAHHHHH, Facebook Fucked up good.is doing a survey for £5.The way we were, The chance to save my soul, And my concern is now in vain. Believe the word, I will unlock my door, And pass the cemetery... gates"Say one, more word, I double dare you, BRING IT ON! Its my world, you're in it, It'll take you down in a minute. You can alter your look, and diversify your race, but the truth seems like, a bitch slap In Your Face!"Been Watching Pocoyo. You know you're jealous , Bitches!Might be going to see Toy Story 3D in lunch tomorrow. XDSanity is nothing more than an excuse for being boring.is Wondering if T-Rexes could Juggles?It's a Wonderful day, for PIE!The Eyes! The Red Squirrel Eyes!is Back from adding a *PROPNAME* to the Cambridge Campus.been awake for 12 hours now.Facebook now in 1337.lol @ "Never Mind The Buttsecks""I really can't afford to keep eating out this giraffe!"Just found a dead wasp in a bottle of conditioner. WHAT THE FUCK!!!Has Baileys.... Oh yeah!has some new Airwalks.has made plans to soak Gummy Beas in Vodka, so they swell up.http:////explosm.net//comics//1777//NOM, French Biscuits!Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.Has just cooked Some lovely Chicken"Clubbers in the North of England have taken to using dental syringes to inject Ecstasy directly into their mouths." "This dangerous practice is known as 'E by gum!'"Whoop! Runshaw Time.Only a Ginger... can call another Ginger, Ginger!!mmm.... bloody steak.Has self-diagnosed with Vestiphobia.has decided on a new profession: Time-Travelling Porn Star.Curvy Lip Spike be Funnnn!Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, NO. Rocky, Tomato, Sheep, GO!Wants a Christmas Samosa.Sleeep Tomorrow. Vimto Now.is on the Viking Offenders RegisterHis destructive programming is taking effect. He will be irresistibly drawn to large cities, where he will back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal everyone's left shoe.For a large part of the 20th Century, Communism tried to destroy Capitalism. Now in the 21st Century, the Capitalists are showing them how it's done!Has returned from Tesco with Vimto and Blue Curacao!"What a wonderful cupcake, Pato"has decided he must get a Penguin tattoo.loves how Facebook forces everyone to refer to themselves in the Third Person.wants 3 THIGNS!Monsters Inc. is ON!Oh no, Run it's a... BUMBLEBEAR!!!!Woah. AWESOME PARTY!!!!Ducks cheat at Poker.Henry Loves Crusts!Wine is Umbrella.Will the various owners of: A silver iPod Mini, a Blue Hoodie, a red scarf and a stick on moustache, please let me know who owns what, so I can return things.Damn... StumbleUpon has stopped working.And I haves 3 things...Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.I HAVE TOES!!!!And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-e-IIIIIIIIIIII will always love Noodles.What do you call a gun with three barrels?You can't rub a pig on a Cheese grater, That's Dangerous.I don’t wanna bike or fishing pole, I just wanna submarine. I’m gonna keep it in a swimming pool, Gonna keep it nice and clean. I don’t want a fucking pogo stick, I just wanna submarine. Fucking pedal car can suck my dick, Where’s my fucking submarine?Mmm... Fish Fingers.Anteater Power!!Fuck. My left arm is alseep. I can't move my it from the wrist down.Misfits = Guuuuurd."Jätkät hei, mä lähen meneen ny ihan oikeesti" "Hei Ankku hei, ennen ku lähet ni kato mitä mä toin sulle" "Ei jumalauta, hyvännäkönen. Siis eiks tää oo siis...." "On on, sixpack, kyllä" "Eihän sun ois tarvinnu hyvä mies, sitä paitsi meill' on noita väkeviä" "Nii nii, mut aamuks!"is so watching Lilo & Stitch.is watching insects. Insects are Silly.loves Jam.I need some CHEESE!Mmm... Liquid Kryptonite!Err:509has a pile of Beer, many Spirits, and one can of Strongbow.The Buddhist Hamburger joint: They'll make you one with everything.What would bacon do?has just taken apart his speakers to amplify his headphones.Strange Quarks are strange.Wants a Lovely Buttery Baked Potato...has bought stripey Toe socks.wants a Neon Cactus.Vimto + Curacao = Black + Tasty!!!WHO EATS ICE CREAM AT CHRISTMAS?!Damn Powercuts!!!!Everyone drank all the beer, all the spirits, But the one can of strongbow still remains!"Please tell me you don't actually own a cloak", "I Own SEVERAL!"Satan's Furry JamHatsis a Pastry Whore."Hakuna Matata" is Swahili!There's no Pirate Translation for the Dislike Button!!!Free Bar on Thursday!!!Yesterday I discovered that it's almost impossible to tell the difference between a very heavy Scouse accent... ...and Frenchhttp:////www.theonion.com//content//node//67259PURPLE PENGUIN!!! ...of death.FUCK YEAH! *PROPNAME* 'Ass-raped by *PROPNAME*.is fucking Ill.has got a Fever. Anyone know the one and only prescption? lolHouse to myself... Time for booze...has a MOTHERFUCKING BLACKLIGHT!!!& *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dance on Donkey Sancturies.XD Black Hair!!!has Just lost the Game.Penguins don't have pockets."Oh hi; I'm here from the Internet.", "What are you doing!?", "Gluing Captions to your cats."Royal Instiution Christmas Lecture. Trees Are EVIL!3!!!MOTHERFUCKING CHRISTMAS!"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it."There's a flying hooker watching you hug! Go away hooker...has now gone BLONDE!still Covered in Beeeees!Sic vis pacem, para bellum.SOOTY PUPPET!has just watched *PROPNAME* saw *PROPNAME* in half.I generally dislike *PROPNAME*. I do not find his form of "Comedy" Amusing.All MY amplifiers go to 12!!!*PROPNAME* It's not premarital sex if no-one will marry you...Mmm... Damn new fucking children only watching blonde people fuck.FUck.... Laptop sleeps retaredely slop whjen i'm wasted.Leprechaun Pikachu!!OMFG *PROPNAME* is in Elf...Sand is overrated. It's just tiny, little rocks....Whooop! Runshaw's Off. To the Sledging...Those who died are justified, for wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites. You justify those that died by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whitesWay runshaw out tomorrow as well.Fuck you Runshaw, I want to sleep tomorrow.and *PROPNAME*. Leaders of an Awesome (yet possibly painful) New World Order."I'm Covered in Bees!"I want to reconcile the violence in your heart. I want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask. I want to exorcise the demons from your past. I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart. ?I was right. Glee has ruined Don't Stop Believin'.I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.What? … The Carthaginians are attacking? God, I knew they'd do that. What? … They are attacking over the Alps? Damn, I knew they'd do that. What? … They're coming on elephants? … Where'd they get the elephants? There aren't any elephants in Europe.is so Fucking Rock, so Goddamn Rock, so Motherfucking Rock!I Fucking Hate *PROPNAME*...Where's my Fucking Submarine?!If you stick with a Rubik's Cube long enough, all the sides end up Red.If an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the world's great literary works in Braille*PROPNAME* skips like a Gay Raptor.I feel I must concede Defeat on this matter. *PROPNAME* is definately not Short. (HONEST!)Some people are like Slinkies. They don't really have a purpose, but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down the stairs.has just now watched the first ever Tom & Jerry cartoon. From before they were actually called Tom and Jerry. How very awesome was *PROPNAME*.My husband's Dead, My Son's a leper. Watch me Tapdance!XD. Penguin is one of few English words with Welsh Origins, It means White Head.I quite like my name at the Moment.Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.The Silent killers are... Rocket Dinosaurs... In Space.You Are What You Eat: "I Prefer Cheese & Crackers!"Absolut Zero: The Freezing Temperature of Vodka.“What? Beavers are real? I thought they were mythical creatures!”has just watched The Shawshank Redemption and is about to watch Pulp Fiction. Excellent Night.My Haves teh Vimtoooo!!!*PROPNAME* is Psychic, the Scurvy Curve!First proper Hangover today: Good start to 2010."Cows - The Natural Predators of the Dyslexics"There's no one like you. I can't wait for the nights with you. I imagine the things we'll do, I just wanna be loved by you. ?Schoools out for... Winter?DAMN YOU, JAM!!The Toughest Decision of my life: Download or Sonisphere?*PROPNAME* is a sexy Marshmallow Beast.Parent's Evening + Bomb Scare = Mucho Chaos.is afraid of getting raped in the woods by a bear in a clown suit.Woop! Booze Haul...Meet *PROPNAME*, My imaginary Donkey.I don't know how they did it, but Tom and Jerry have just managed to make Drowning Kittens in a sack, funny."Welcome to your new, simplified home page." How the fuck is it simplified? They've just piled all the shit possible onto to page..."Ah *PROPNAME*. Big Giant Robot Camels.""Wait, people weren’t the first mammals?" *pauses* "Oh, no, of course. The dinosaurs were here before us!"“What’s ROFLMAO?! Is it ‘Rolling Around With My Fist In My Arse?’”is Watching *PROPNAME* XY instead of doing the mass of Computing I have to do for tomorrow.Giraffe"What's Normal?", "What's Home?", "What are Cows?"MAN THONG!!Fuck Yeah! Wales have won, and I quite enjoy the irony of celebrating with scotch.has Shiny, Greeny-Blue Hair! Fuck Yeah!Chocolate Fish!Of all my 80,000,000 ancestors, one of them MUST be Winnie the Pooh.My mouse is suicidal...Excellent. All of the new A7X album's Drums will be The *PROPNAME*'s Handiwork.Mulan... Fuck Yeah! lol
Best newly discovered unhealthy snack disguised as a healthy one: yogurt-covered raisins :DGoing through everyone's status messages from last night... yeah, so maybe I didn't do anything sexy or fun but I was at an event so >:PWow, even in 1963, *PROPNAME* was ranting about the "half-wit morons up in Sacramento" (just watch It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World)Just to be clear: Life is just a bowl of RAINIER cherries. :DAmadeus is quite possibly the most perfectly made movie *ever*... director's cut bits add even more to the perfection.Ears are being blown out by two trombone players... sure, they're classically trained and playing Holst's "Mars, the Bringer of War", but it HURTS. :P32 days til the State Fair! You better believe I have a count down going!!Any one have any clue as to what the new novelty fried fair food is going to be this year??? What was at the OC county fair? I'm plotting my plan of attack at the State Fair... ;)Devising ways to oust the old tenant out of *my* new place. Not too happy that he's choosing to take another week to move out. >:PThis hair-brainedness needs to cease... NOW. :PMMmmmmmm Trader Joes tart frozen yogurt... makes a mouth VERY happeh!! :DGoing to have to severely restrain my impulse to gallop around the State Fair, squealing at the top of my lungs with glee. :DAlready sleepy time again... I blame lunch from Bread Store.Missed the forest and smacked into a couple of the trees while I was at it too. :PNothing personal against you all as a species, ants, but mi casa es just not su casa.How did a non-coffee drinker like me end up hooked on cappuccinos?Okay Bears... Channel that anger and use it to cream the competition next week.Allergy season for *PROPNAME* is commencing... *hack*hack*hack* :P I'm not contagious, promise!Pipe dream for the day: Being a Wagnerian soprano. I can shriek but not in tune. :PSorry, People magazine... your "sexy" guys can't hold a candle to the men of the 40s, 50s and 60s... *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...Stupid PC... seriously asking to get chucked out the window. But in the spirit of the season, it shall be spared.First there was TIGER; then TIGGER; and now LUST. The alphabet soup of federal bureaucrats never ceases to amuse me. And how ironic LUST stands for so-not-sexy "Leaking Underground Storage Tanks".I'm not quite sure how I feel about having my singing voice compared to *PROPNAME* (especially when the boyfriend makes the comparison).Does it count as a new years resolutiion to resolve to watch every episode of a TV series?Cold weather, lack of sunshine and fog all breed pestilence... Everything seems to be taking a quick swing at me too -- never taking up residence (knock on wood), but slowly trying to knock me out with a few quick jabs and sucker punches.
Supervisor: *PROPNAME* (second preference) Research Area: Regional Economic Integration (fifth prefernece) …… Tentative Examination Schedule, Semester 1, 2009//10. .abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm mnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewqPa><dol x 2cartography+Select. Topics in the Geography of China (????F?add?...)DEA DEA DEA :D
~ Can You See? My Eyes Are Shining Bright, 'Cause I'm Out Here On The Other Side Of A Jet Black Hotel Mirror ~~ *PROPNAME*'s swing dancing equals epic. xDis back.really wants a kitten... and I shall name her *PROPNAME*.is sitting outside in Pennsylvania.~ the kittens have officially been named. *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.is going back to Tennessee.is back from Impact.is obsessed with Maple Story again. :P.has to rewrite a part of her story because she thinks she accidentally deleted it. ):is sad...is drawing *PROPNAME*. (*PROPNAME*!)is going to Pennsylvania tomorrow.got a hair cut.wants Sims 3... xDrearranged her room. Drastically. It's so different now. :Dis boredd.~ goin' to college.~ First Mission: Decode - Paramore.is doin' German homework.~ Chemistryy is soo hardd!is going to the pool later.is writing a Psychology essay.~ ew, Chemistry.is done with art and has nothing special going on anymore. ):.is better, I guess, and finishing up the last Psychology essays.wants to cut her hair again.is still finishing homework. On to Algebra II.is going to art class.is writing. ~ 50 page mark! ~wants a keyboard.is in German classs.is sick. And also bored. Someone talk to meee...!starts Psychology tomorrow.~ haha, *PROPNAME* is awesome. xDcan play Decode on the piano. :D~ aerobics to Family Force 5? Epic.~ goin' shopping tomorrow with mah friends :Dis writing essays.feels rather sickly... ://~ hahaha, no school.hates writer's block.is rearranging her room. :D. Much fun.~ Mystery Retreat~ blasting screamo and there's no one to give me a hard time about it. :Dis going to the HOPE game night.is very bored.has to take PSATs :(got charcoals for Christmas :Dmade cookies for soldiers. :Dis sitting in my bed with all four cats. Yes, I am just that awesome.~ 73 pages//15000 words of continuous narrative. Almost ready for another editing phase (*PROPNAME* . . . *PROPNAME* . . .). Now we're getting into the complicated stuff . . . Fun.is 17 in nine days! (I missed yesterday's count down...)is already packed. xD~ German riddles. Fun, fun. :P~ Merry Christmas :D~ Christmas in one day. Seventeen in six days.is seventeen in three days!has so much to do!is seventeen. :P.is 17 in twelve days!has two kittens! The girl is *PROPNAME* and I need help with the boy... it's between *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*. VOTE!beat her sister in an arm wrestle. :Dis sad thinking about how her kitties are at home on her bed... alone... xD... poor kitties.drew a bluebird and is now drawing a seagull.is in Pennsylvania. :P~ to the masquerade!listening to Muse. ? :Dcut her hair again. Short. Again.~ grr... school sucks.played much D&D. Muahaha.~ CDC latest report: Autism effects 1 in 110 children born each day. 1 in 70 boys. Put this in your status for 1 HOUR if you know someone with AUTISM. Let our children's voices be heard. Here's to 2010 increasing awareness, research and proactively finding answers.~ What actress do I look like? :o~ "I can no longer tell the days from the nights. The moon glows an eerie red and I could swear it was covered in blood. What have you all done? What have you all become? A people more concerned with the temporary pleasures of this world rather than your salvation? I am now convinced that this is the end. As I raise my head towards the heavens to take one last look at the moon, the stars begin to fall."
is playing Final Fantasy VII :)is in love with college and can't wait to start in September :)is pissed off that The Godfather isn't streaming properly :@is in a really shit mood, fucking ps3 has a "Serious Error" in less than 6 fucking months :@, Also Msn is being a faggot and not letting me speak -.-has a new number, ask me if you need itis watching The Godfather trilogy back to back on Blu-Ray :Dis looking forward to Bridge on the 25th :)is watching The GodfatherAnyone bothering to go Lava tomorrow?Anyone know where I can get UV Paint cheapish not from Amazon?is wondering what the fuck X-Factor is coming to. I mean, *PROPNAME* beating *PROPNAME*? What is this crapis jammin on DJ Hero with *PROPNAME*Did you know that it couldn't be more blatent that the X-Factor was fixed unless *PROPNAME* openly admitted he was gay with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*thinks it would be quite amusing to see *PROPNAME* get Number 1 with the original version of The Climb.Merry Christams to all my friends on facebook :)WoWo Rage is Number 1 xDjust bought his Hadouken! tickets :) anyone else goin?had a good time watchin London Wasps lose in the cold today ://is watching District 9thinks tomorrow with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* ? and *PROPNAME* is gunna be jokes at Dancin Dragon ;)hasn't noticed anything new with facebook, what am I missing?thinks tonight was a pretty good night, even if *PROPNAME* is incapable of finding bathrooms in Strada
back in cali!!!
I was never a huge Michael Jackson fan, but for some reason I can't stop thinking about how sad I am that he passed away... I can't believe it.mad river & uncle Fatty's tnite, Rockit tmrw, Spain next week!!!! :DThe world seems a lot different without one of your closest friends... unbelievable! He was awesome.
black
Don't forget to sign up for the Ultimate Club!!!!its too HOT to be runningFOR ANYONE THAT IS HAVING TROUBLE GETTING SOMETHING FOR THE HONORS AND AP SPANISH 3 HW GO TO GOOGLE AND SEARCH "NINOS DE LOS INMIGRANTES"CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT THE DEAL IS WITH PRACTICE TOMORROW!!!YEAH!!! I went and saw the chiropractor today. Hopefully this will relieve my back issuestodays run was amazing! I made it to washington st and back in 64:00 min with very little pain in my back! XC meet tmrw @RCC in Moreno ValleyHere's to all of the runners that went to the XC meet today! Congrats to *PROPNAME* for an amazing performance to win the small schools girls Varsity race with a blistering time of 19:00 min. And to the entire girls varsity for taking first place for riverside county. The Boys varsity tied with Banning for the #1 spot.GO HOUSE CLAVER!!!!!!!Yesterday was so much fun... @ the Palm Springs Invite we had 2 runners win their race. I personally came in 17th out of 60 runners in the JV race with a time of 15:05 for 2 miles.Buenos noches! Hasta manana *PROPNAME* people!Rejected! The dance was fun last night although it didnt end how i hoped it would. MC turned my offer downTHIS IS TO ALL JUNIORS WHO HAVE BEEN TO UCR TO DO RESEARCH: you can still access the ucr database w//out being @ UCRI feel accomplished! I finished 1st for the JV boys in the christian league and 5th overall in the race. I gotta get mi tarea done now so i will talk to all of you mananaHelp me!!!! The H Spanish 3 HW is too hard my article is in spanish and i have to summarize it in spanishHow many XC people are ready for the death race tmrw????Sorry people that i posted those quizzes ystrday. I shouldnt have done that. they were stupid anyways.tonight is going to b so much fun! I cant wait to scare the living daylights out of some trick-or-treaters!can anyone in ap us please fill me in on what i missed friday after i left? it would be much appreciatedAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! my back has been hurting so bad the past two days. I wish i didn't have to deal with it anymore. It slows me down at practice and I have trouble getting out of bed in the morningDoes anyone in honors//AP spanish 3 know if we had HW 4 this weeknd?nite ppl hasta mananaany one in *PROPNAME*'s 7th prd can u tell me what page in *PROPNAME* was the interaction btwn him and his mom was on?i guess no one cares that i gave away the name of my date to the dance on my last postHONORS//AP SPANISH 3 PPL: i desperately need t oknow whether we had hw or notXC ppl wanting to run @ footlocker saturday online registration has been CLOSED now to register u hav to do it in person @ mt sac on fridayap us ppl, i just found an interesting part of the textbook website that might b beneficial to us when it comes to the tests and RAscan someone please hire a band of ninja assassins to kill me so i don't have to right my social analysis paper?if u are a xavier student who has barely or hasn't started the social analysis paper: we should go tell mr. gilbert that there is no way we can pull off 7 pgs by Tue. and if you are in the same situation that i am where you've found all of the info that u can about ur topic and haven't hit 7 pgs, we should tell him that 7pgs is OVERKILL!WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOhahahaah YES! I finally made it to 1,000 words on my social analysis paper (alec helped)wants curl up in a ball a lock myself in a closet bc i get the feeling that i will have to repeat english 3 and religion 3 next yeartied for highest grade on raschilla's english final"FM Static" Tonight's complete, Everyone's asleep, Right now I wanna say these words to You, I'll be Your hand, take me as I am, I just wanna be with Youbanging my head against a wall is more productive than writing my social analysis papergot a new phone for christmasanyone doing the ap us history study guide for tomorrow? if u noticed it the multiple choice questions arent where they usually are after the LO's. they're near the bottom of the listCan someone plz explain exactly what we're supposed to do for the Honors//AP Spanish 3 HW?ppl in raschilla's p. 7 what was the name of the thing written by ezra pound that we had to take notes on?is stressed out and bored
Question: What would have happened if Adam and Eve had eaten from the "Tree of Life" before eating from the "Tree of Knowledge"?I think *PROPNAME* is quite a little beuity.I'm ecstatic! I just spoke briefly with *PROPNAME*'s lawyer. Based on some "case files" I emailed her, we have enough evidence to prove CPS's removal of the kids was illegal and grounds for an emergency hearing. We believe we have enough evidence to cost both CPS and Humble PD their "qualified immunity", allowing us to file a civil suit against them and the apartments. ANYONE KNOW A GOOD CIVIL ATTORNEY???*PROPNAME*'s kids won in KBXX-97.9 "MADD HATTA'S ELVES" Christmas contest. They get to go to an invitation only Christmas party at Dave & Busters Monday morning. Unfortunately. *PROPNAME*'s daddy does not want to let him go because of all the CPS stuff.Things went better. *PROPNAME* was able to retain her composur and not break down in court. The judge referred the case to "mediation". We go to that Jan 29th.Lord willing and with his blessing. I claim in the name of Jesus: "Today we get the kids back." All Prayers are welcome.Please keep *PROPNAME*'s family in your prayers tonight and tomorrow. We have to be in court at 9am. Really pray for the oldest *PROPNAME* went to his dad's for his summer visit and had his mother, brother and sister stripped from him for six months. CPS is providing Christmas for the other two but not him. I sure hope we succeed at stripping them of their "immunity" and make them pay for what they've done to this family.I stopped by and visited with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Only stayed about twenty minutes. I sure will be glad when they can come back home.Well we are on hold until next Wed. Both CASA and CPS are demanding current prescription records all though they have through the last court date and did not request these until yesterday. *PROPNAME*'s theropist did not show either, but he is being supenaed for Wed.*PROPNAME* just told me Tuesday, that her cancer has progressed to stage 4.Could teenage "Huffing" be the result of modern day child proofing and the parent neglecting to actually teach the child, "THAT WILL KILL YOU".Can anyone out there tell me if Jesus was EVER anointed in OIL? He was babtized in water and anointed in the Holy Spirt which is why he is called the "anointed one". Can anyone tell me yes or no. If yes I need scripture reference. Thank you.
the old mans still trying to get me smashed on his sake... tastes like ass.. on firefinally using facebook n_n feels strange.mmm waffles n_navril stuck in my head from yesterdays singing performance. soooo sadfreezing my freakin ass off. don't want to get out of bed for anything today :(*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are officially the two most awesome people ever :)TOAST n_n *purrs*marty liebich...... LOLBreaking hearts is part of who you are.i give up.MAINSTREAM. ALL DAY LONG... KILL IT.goddam it. this celebrity double thing is driving me crazy. help
can someone explain to me how keith can misspell "beginner" and "hear" but can then use asphyxia correctly in a sentence?it's 4:30 and i'm still awake. i hate myself sometimesif i can write a screenplay in two days i can submit it to a festival. fat chance of thatum, mother nature . . . i love thunderstorms as much as the next person, but this is the 3rd one today. could you get your shit together? thank you.i am now replacing my highly original baseball status with one about women's tennis: jelena jankovic thinks she's the number one tennis player? i'd love to try whatever she's on"If your friend got assassined, how would you respond" . . . probably with: that doesn't even make sensea little glass vial. a little glass vial? a little glass vial.nothing like falling asleep for an hour then waking up and being wide awake. stupid bodyis still awake at 3:30. oh mejust for the record, kim just made me log into her account to harvest her farmville raspberriesediting blowswas over baseball april 1. is it ncaa basketball time yet?*PROPNAME* said, ""I was just the vessel. It wasn't *PROPNAME*'s sperm. Just like I stick the sperm up my horse, this is what they did to me. I was his thoroughbred." And this is the part where my brain vomits...going to your cousin's wedding? awesome. going to legend's bar afterwards? not.finished Pride & Prejudice & Zombies instead of watching Ghost in the Shell. I'm classy. Also, a giant geek. :)heard mariah carey's new song on the ride home tonight. she needs to give it up alreadyjustine henin, stay the hell away from tennis. no one wants you back. you sir, were a bitchsuck on that nadia petrovaIf cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?so, i locked the doors on my truck at kim's, because it's a main road and we'd be busy editing the movie. however, when i left, i noticed that i left all my windows open. probably not the safest of security systemsIf cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?who called me today and left a voicemail?mom: i'm sitting on main street like a hookermerry christmas eve y'all. i shall celebrate by working at b&n making drinks for annoying last minute shoppers. i know you're jealous, I just hope it doesn't ruin our friendshipkeith just told me he thinks we should go to irelandi require 4 farmville gifts that are not one of the following trees//animals: peach, bananananana, date, passion fruit, pomegranate, lime, lemon, avocado, pig, duck, sheep, goat, or horse. you shall be rewarded in the afterlife :)rock band and ddr. yesssswants to play beatles rock band or wii resort but can't because keith is watching footloosedid i piss off a gypsy? because there's a fly in my room that won't leave me alone. better make sure i have an anvil tied up in the garage and a sharpened ice skate handy :)excuse me mother nature, why the hell is it snowingalmost done hearing about baseball. yessssum, across the universe was even better the 2nd time. would probably be even betterer if one was high i would imaginei need to write an even stupider screenplay than i did for the first round. this will be funwhere the wild things are should have been called where the sucky ass movie isNîn o chithaeglir, lasto beth daer; Rimmo nîn Bruinen dan in Ulaer.that noise you heard at approximately 11:21 est was keith puking. it might have sounded like a black hole opening, or a monster being stabbed to death, or any number of things, but it was just keith. the more you know *star wipevery close to not having to hear about baseball again for 6 months. can't waitexpansion. and chicken coops. send me chickens :)my ankle hurts. stupid dishwasher doorpac 10 football . . . what the hell are you guys doing this season?I heart rockband. and the beatles. and my bandmatescan someone explain to me how keith, who played football, well, "played," who acts like the world's biggest sports fan, and just told me he used to go to legend's on sundays to watch football, didn't know what fair catch wasLouisiana justice of the peace who refused to marry an interracial couple: I'm not a racist . . . I have piles and piles of black friends. Sure you do.well dish n' dat happy hour was a bad idea :)anyone else click accept gift today and facebook told you you ignored it?so happy i'm not clopening this weekendhappy all hallows' eve kids :)well squats were certainly a good idea right before bed . . . stupid stairsgot more film developed. and there are a lot of you in it. be very afraidi'm strange. and i like it. that's just the way i am.happy turkeying errbodyalright . . . thought i was working at noon . . . working at 2. holla*PROPNAME*well, it's 1:00. i've had drinks. and need to be at work far too soon. in other words, great night. happy birthday thom :)i hate to say anything that might offend my facebook peeps, but paranormal activity sucks beyond the telling of it. i cannot remember ever being this disappointed in a movieanyone wanna pay me to hang out, play video games, maybe write a screenplay, and be sarcastic? cause that would be awesome :)I kind of have the best coworkers you could havedear kiss 95.7 and kc 101. could you possibly get off lady gaga's jock for 2 seconds and play a different song? thank youi just realized, due to not being able to sleep, that i never settled the debate i started a few weeks ago. regarding cavemen vs. astronauts, "cave men win. of course the cave men win." if you don't agree, take it up with fredthe volleyball championship was on tv this weekend. i want to play volleyball :(i'm going to one up toni: there aren't words for how good Avatar is. suck on that kenny :)home again. with lots of laundry and little food. hurraycan't sleep . . . work will be fun tomorrow :)now that i've been released from the clutches of retail it's time for some friends and family. merry xmas eve peepsstill waiting on ps3 and//or an iMac, but i haven't exchanged gifts with steve yet, so i'm holding out hope that it will happen :)watching the forgotten . . . i already know i'm going to be pissed off at the endwhy the hell am i still awakea good night's sleep will hopefully make me excited to close tomorrow :) cause right now i don't want toif your 2009 was good, i wish you an even better 2010. if it could have been better, i wish you a great 2010. i do not, however, wish any of you a happy new decade, since the decade ends at the end of next yearam i supposed to be surprised that manny and ortiz were on the 2003 steroids list? the much more surprising, and much shorter list, would be people playing in the past 10 years who weren't on the listdear santa, here is a list of gifts I hope to see under the tree tomorrow: -ps3 -27" iMac (i didn't put it on my list, but you should have known) -mini cooper -screenwriting job thank you.i don't know that i can express how much i love my coworkers :) one of my best birthdays ever. i even did a shot :)a) louisville got jobbed tonight -- those refs were an embarrassment b) avatar was even better the second time :)Have you met them face to face? I hear them. It's good enough for the blind.update. after i feel down the stairs last night, i stood up and proceeded to faint at which point keith came out and started slapping me asking if i was ok. and in my head, i was responding just fine, but was apparently just mumbling to him. if i wasn't in pain i would laugh :) also, good to know that he's there for me when i need himjacked up my neck somehow. this should be a good night's sleepsaid it before, will say it again, i work with some of the best people on the planetum, keith is trying to argue with me about tennis. a) he doesn't get tennis b) he doesn't get arguingDish n' Dat in Canton for my bday celebration. And moderate drinking, by me at least. I will not be pulling a *PROPNAME*jacked up my neck again. and my finger. and my hand. and my shoulder. and elbow. and knee. and my calf. i'm kind of awesomewe are the world should not, under any circumstances, have auto-tune. or a rap solo. or vince vaughn.isn't nyquil supposed to knock your ass out?
Just wanted to thank everyone for all the support (and great tips) yesterday, it meant alot! made it through yesterday without smoking at all...and still going strong! :)using facebook as procrastination for practicum applications...beautiful lolFirst day quitting smoking...wish me luck!!!you know when you work your @$$ off for a really long time and then finally one day it all pays off? today was that day :)
Did Cindy 30 times in 20 minutes and GI jane in 12:11. Save the sex joke, its Crossfit. 2010 crossfit games here I come!!!!Did *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this week. Life is goodDid *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this month. Not badFeels aweful right now. Why do you get sick like this on weekends only... I better not have to use a sick day tomorrow or I will be pissed.Did *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this month. Not bad...and to clarify *PROPNAME* is a Crossfit workout, *PROPNAME* get your head out of the gutter
is happy his brother will join him in Princeton tomorrow.got a cool Japanese headbandevery man is an islandgot a haircut!http:////ca.news.yahoo.com//s//capress//091008//world//eu_nobel_literatureis about to cut his hair. Objections?3rd interview: Columbia, 24-27 Febhas a gold medal. In taekwondo.when will I stop spilling liquids?loves correlation coefficientsis going home!first interview! Harvard - January 21-24is addicted to Tap Tap Revenge on his Ipod and thinks it could make a great experimental paradigm for studying motor learningis home870//900 Math GREMerry Christmas!slept from 11pm to 7am! It's a Christmas miracle!found the magic water. It makes an incredible coffee!has great friendsis sick of datais backis back: *PROPNAME* 73 feels like... home?!is coming back4th interview: Caltech! California here I come...the rumors are true: Harvard IS awesome2nd interview: Carnegie Mellon, 11-13 Febin Bostonneeds paper filtersis happy *PROPNAME* is coming to Princetonis mad at himselfis sick of plains and trains
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!Merry Christmas all!ATTENTION - READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT: If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do NOT click it. It's a virus. Please post this on your own site for your friends. REPOSTINGI was dreaming of a white christmas, but now am dreaming of sunshine and warm weather :)
has bed bugs..... ewwwww!and mosquito bitesMondays are the new thursdays- anthony bourdain + *PROPNAME* = forgetting your financial troublesis annoyed with herselfis not turning on her cell at the moment, or for the next few days- dont take it personally.Is trying to figure out everything.....wants no more friend or exboyfriend drama dramais out for the countIts the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant moviesis bummed the instant movie didnt pull throughwants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?one minute at a timeLoves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. Lesportsac purses and DVD overload.really hates California's economy right nowI lost.....my ex is in a relationship before meIs having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.is *PROPNAME*'s bestbianmisses the ability to driveMi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! Necesito que practicar mi espanol.Is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this sceneanthony bourdain blissTurbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.is on her way up north to face her judgementTarget is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.feels like a bum without legsHaving a job again is weird, but welcome.is 3 years to gos electronics are giving out.is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.is in love with her new black peacoat. Who else is pumped it's fall?is sick in an way she's never been physically sick before. feels like a hangover mixed with the flu mixed with weakness and nauseahates the business that is the United States' healthcare systemthinks Rhianna's Italian Vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.is excited for NBC thursdays- especially excited for communityis in love with *PROPNAME*."La Vie En Rose"- there are no words. Absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.is flashing lights kanye stylei got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooois actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. No offense mom. U r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.ARGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this eveningRIP Prague nights Fall semester 2007needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. Tonight I visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!is ready for her day offlife is looking upis excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new placewhy does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.is rediscovering her love for bjorkmoney, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.wants to find a way to san fran after the new yearis in love. With *PROPNAME*.is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missedthank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.is very excite for today and this weekend.its a beautiful fall day in southern california.s g-ma is the coolestwishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.Today is my 2 month birthday!intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.Um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was HYSTERICAL. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.Ten Movies to Watch Right Now (and some you can Instant Netflix) 1. La Vie En Rose 2. Shrink (if you love LA) 3. Paris Je'taime (if you love Paris) 3. Clay Pidgeons (*PROPNAME* is priceless) 4. Quills 5. Away We Go 6. Sunshine Cleaning 7. A League of Their Own 8. Smart People (I Heart *PROPNAME*'s Page and SJP) 9. Frost//Nixon 10. Doubt
is taking a nap and dreamin of *PROPNAME*is going on a road trip to CO! wish me luckis looking for someone to watch a movie with...possibly *PROPNAME*?is going to have rocky mountain dreamswants the "22kt gold star trek commander Spock card" in the ad to my right.is very angry that she cant figure out how to get pictures up of my super awesome colorado tripwants to escapeis wondering if anyone from the burbs is going down to u of i this weekend? party before the youngins start class?hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find itis taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome dealis desperately bored..entertain me pleasewent camping and canoeing for the weekend :)is going to be a great SIU groupiehas a 2X2 bruise from falling at legends...largest i can remember ever having. owanyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :)can't believe shes not returning to the u of iis loving that The Santa Clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classicis wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lolnever thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficultwoke up to the terrible olympic news :(is so careful, i cant movegreat weekend filled with tailgating, wine trails, and lots of laughs!is bored in her own home... come and save meis watching obama represent Chicago2016... fingers crossed for tomm afternoon!tryed to buy a car at LISTED price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industryhave to admit... zombieland was pretty goodjust bought her first car, 2006 mazda3 only 15000 miles!!! kinda worrying that somehow somethings just gonna fall off of it, great price for a car that someone oviously never drove.what are other sites to look for a job (other than the obvious monster and careerbuilder)........????anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... oppsloving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friendsi have 8 invites to give out to Google Wave. write your email if your interested in being part of the first to get accounts!left her purse on the train yesterday and it was given to the lost and found!! makes me still belive in the goodness of people.would love a rainbow race right now! :(can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thingU of I or Bust! call me if your in chambana please :)i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... greathas a farmers tanwent into the shower with my new watch..oopsis excited for the best holiday of the year... Dranksgiving at the Dupage Inn. call to join the festivusballydoyles trivia tonight? call if your in!finds it funny that the rule of the road change to survival in the snow stormis wondering whats happening for the weekendballydoyle trivia tonight at 9 ish, call if your interested!It's WAYBACK WEEK! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! Let's have fun and get everyone to do it. Copy and paste this to your status!being sick is terribleheading to the Paign for tomm night... better be ready"beer bong for my lady?" what gentleman are on the wisconsin riverYou want to play house you got to have a job. You want to play nice house, very sweet house, you got to have a job you don't like.
How i got my share of adrenalin this morning? :) so... im driving home from a long night;) today at 10am... and there is a cop waiting to give out tickets cause its the end of the month... and stops me for a broken tail light BUT i am driving w//o insurance and w expired inspection sticker by 5 months... hihihi :) well end of story :) NO TICKET:) just a warning ...is waiting....so... Dear Facebook, .. you deactive your account, and after you activate it all your groups are gone - Pleasant surprise huh!what a great night - *PROPNAME*'s Cantina is def. the place to be.wants to go to the Cuban-Puerto Rican festival tomorrrrrrrowhates airlines!got a plaaaaaace to live and her car will be shiiiiped:) so 99% will be in ithaca on the 6th of Nov and given that that's a friday will parteyyyyy! Who is up for it?!hmm...feels special:)tralala my car is packed and ready to go....is NOT in Boston YET but she will be soon....plodchetata:)hmmm off facebook again?WOOHOO:) is secretly CLEARED:)1.) facebook - FIX the update bug on the Share on the Home page. 2.).... ughhh wish i got a relocation package.... 3.) ;( missed the cuban festival... 4.) after barely staying awake all day under the hood now i am wide awake... great timing ...looking for *PROPNAME* in Boston//Providence - anybody know anything?trying to optimize windows vista - all suggestions welcome!ughhhhhh!loves her work and coworkers!has Cable:)so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh: control armsArnuihooo :( R.I.P.arni :'(''''oOis gonna get Zumba certifiedHappy Halloween everyone!wanted to go to Las Haciendas 2nite...moved into her apartment last night and is loving it:)arni:(may be in Ithaca on the night of Nov. 6th.loves her blue water view;) with the swans swimming in itarniuho :(-3 F!didn't get home until 5:30am ... cause she had to drive an hr+ back fromm boston in rain and fog but it was totaly worth it getting in 15 minutes before the club closed:) xuxuxuxuso.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice ehis happy cause *PROPNAME* called her::):)R.I.P. *PROPNAME*! :'(hopes there is a delayed opening tomorrow:) heheheanother shitty day...completed by a shitty eveningughhhh!just took her first hot shower in a month:)!!! Yupeee... It felt SO good;)is exhausted..is thankful for her friendsF'ing RI and its pplloves the jewelry her aunt sent her from bulgaria... and the boots & pants her mom and sis sent her from houston:) AND her itty bitty car:) hehehe especially since she got a second car wash for free at tasca today hehedoes a 40degree F difference matter? when its bw 20 and 60?Dear facebook: Please make me happy and allow me to use your application at least on the holidays... when i actually have the desire to: in other words -> FIX YOUR PLUGINS!what a great night:) ZZZ.5//6//2010 - Springfield, MA $55 - Lord of the Dance, who wants to go? (send me a msgs and lets go together)Happy New Year!!!:)pWho is up to going to Washington DC for Lord of the Dance in APril?>prefers illegal-mexicans construction work to white americanok so it appears that people couldn't even comment on my poll:) so here it is again --- seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: Do u want to write on my wall? Yes//No.. :wants to go to the aventura concert at mohegan sungot home at 3... went to bed at 330, got up at 730, went to work at 830, left work at 530, got home at 600, took e nap at 630, woke up at 830... dinner shower and havana;)!YUPII:) VW !!!: my head is killing me:(VW ... ;)p hmmmmmjust woke up*PROPNAME* needs to fix its record keeping big time!someone tried to steal my car tonight and my car told me :) YAY! ?when does facebook start classifying updates as Recent Activity?Beverly Hills, CA or London, UK ...I don't get some people...you offer to help them- they are lazy and don't bother to send their shit... months later when its too damn late they ask you to help them.. wtfseems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: Do u want to write on my wall? Yes//No.. :...its nice to have unexpected friends whom u talk w once a month or twoWTF a grand a month...luxury my ass --- manager tells me to write neatly cause sincce i am a scientist she cant understand my writing --- hello!!! since when r u supposed to understand a signature - so i wrote her a 2 page single spaced letter explaining how i want my money back and my car fixed!has to build her facebook app...FUCK RHODE ISLANDslept uh.... 16 hrs?!*PROPNAME* - *PROPNAME*
is back from D.C. and is very tired...is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light...is wondering what one does when hail comes down your chimney and is bouncing all over your living room floor...my first thought is to put a big tupperware in the fireplace to catch it all and then I'd have the awesome kind of crunchy ice that you get at Sis trying to tame her to-do list...wishes her bro a happy birthday!is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light as he crosses the Threshold...enjoyed an incredible concert this afternoon by her friend and colleague K-Pad...who is infused with musical talent, versatility, & passion.+ bold black coffee + double iced cinnamon role + saturday paper + porch across from park = perfect saturday morning.is thinking about *PROPNAME* 's words - "It feels like - electricity. Yeah, electricity."is smiling...is noting the irony of her car overheating on the way to and from Devil's Head Fire Lookout Tower today...is trying to figure out how to talk to children about jesus being the bread of life...is looking forward to Taize tonight...is in awe of the cycle of life after visiting a 103 year old woman and then hearing the heartbeats of three little triplets at 28 weeks in their mommy's tummy! back to back hospital visits -- being a pastor is so cool. people pay us to do this?? (not thatwas told today (by a nurse at the hospital) that "a pastor is the last thing she would take me for." which begs the question...what is the first thing she would take me for?wishes she could teleport herself to Dallas tonight to celebrate George's 20th anniversary at Wilshire...went fly fishing today for the first time and LOVED it...thanks to *PROPNAME* for being such a fabulous teacher! This is the first fish I caught...a pretty big rainbow trout. We had to resuscitate him a bit when we released him back into the water...I didn't knis changing gears from "nurse" back to "pastor" as *PROPNAME* is back in Laramie and Sunday morning is coming soon...is sitting in her clean house anticipating the arrival of the youth group...home made ice cream and frolicking in Wash Park...perfect summer evening.is spending her Saturday sleeping & sermonizing & snacking.just "is."welcomes *PROPNAME* into the world! Congratulations *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!went white water rafting today for the first time in 10 years...since senior trip at WBC! Thought of you Wilshire friends - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...is grateful for The Threshold's ministry...I could sit in Taize for hours.is going to her first Broncos game tonight and her first Rockies game tomorrow night! Thanks to *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*...and *PROPNAME*!is savoring vanilla gelato garnished with fresh raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, & strawberries...is missing *PROPNAME* (and *PROPNAME*)feels so blessed by her church family...there couldn't be a better church to serve than Calvary!has too much to do in too little time. Why is the "to-do" list getting longer every day instead of shorter?is beginning yet another weekend with too much to do in too little time...hmm...no more bulletin board or nametag board projects for a long time...likes Laramie.is stoked that *PROPNAME*'s off the river and back in cell phone range!is not pleased with the 9th inning of the Rockies//Cardinals game...always enjoys the quiet sanctity of the church in the early morning hours on Sunday...is taking care of *PROPNAME* post-sinus surgery...he is sans a giant fistful of polyps. Yeah!It's pretty easy to switch my loyalties from Dallas to Denver with the Rockies in the playoffs & the Broncos beating the Cowboys...is giving thanks for *PROPNAME*'s life and friendship and can't believe she would have been 27 today...is sermonizing after having accidentally slept all day...is headed to the Franciscan Retreat Center in Colorado Springs for the SoulJourners Retreat...had a fabulous celebratory evening with the *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME* last night in Big D - and is now off to see her brother's new house...is not okay with the fact that a mouse keeps traipsing across her living room as if he's been living here his whole life. I'm off to buy poison or a trap or something -- but somebody please reassure me that he will not climb up into my bed tonight...please!is sermonizing on seat selection, servanthood, & stewardship...is packing up and heading to Wyoming for 48 hours (give or take) of pure "vacation!"is off to Laramie for a couple days!is praying for *PROPNAME*...is stoked that she is going to hear *PROPNAME* tomorrow night - in Denver! Ah...memories of "Downstairs Cafe" and "Uncle Calvin's" in Dallas and "Club Passim" in Cambridge...is missing her matthew...is in Dallas...Wow. Thanks for all the birthday greetings! 'twas a good day...and giving God thanks for all of you...is sermonizing...her favorite saturday night pastime...is sick. :(is sermonizing and soothing her sore throat...slowly but surely my health is returning! Thanks be to God!is still sick...and wishes she wasn't...wishes *PROPNAME* wasn't stuck in Chicago...how many flights can be cancelled for one person in 48 hours?is thinking a *PROPNAME* movie marathon is calling her name...is still sick...day 8...hopefully by the new year i'll be well...is ringing in the new year with a bowl of Kix & a glass of water & Wii golf. yeah...i'm cool. ; )just saw a tragic//comedic drama - August: Osage County - and thought it was intensely true and devastating and redemptive and isolating and packed with anger, hurt, joy, confusion, misunderstandings, and innocent deceptions. This family could be the centerpiece of a dissertation on family systems theory!is still sick...first time to miss christmas eve services...good thing i have great colleagues...is relaxing with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME*...and *PROPNAME* is showing me pictures of Boston and making me sad...*PROPNAME* is excited about Epiphany...her second favorite Liturgical Season!is officially one year behind in her thank you note writing.is excited that *PROPNAME* Crews is coming to Denver tomorrow!enjoyed the Santa Fe Arts Walk tonight!is going to hear *PROPNAME* read her own poetry tonight...is excited that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* will be in Denver soon!is enjoying re-connecting with colleagues at the resident reunion in Dallas...can't wait for *PROPNAME* to get here!is happy for New Orleans...is sermonizing in hopes of being transfigured in the process...
Just bought a cute pair of purple pumps : )Not yet - going to movies tonight...is sick in bed. Coughing like and old hag and looking decidedly ropey : (If you can't walk in heels take a taxi... Coco ChanelI haven't opened the blinds yet but from the sound of the wind and the rain I think that the world may be about to end...is bloody freezing....Thanks everyone for all the texts etc... Finally feeling human again! I don't think I've ever been so sick. Went out for the first time in 12 days this morning! Talk about cabin fever... Back to work on Wednesday - am even looking forward to it!Typical, just when I'm finally able to go out again it's blowing a gale and bloody raining...I've finally arrived creaking into the facebook generation! Hello everyone
Last night was amazing! Not only did I see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s LAST performance of RENT, but we also ended the night at 3 Fires Lounge were the whole cast was celebrating!
is trying to get in touch with the notorious V.A.L. Yo, *PROPNAME*, call be back sistah!would now like to rename her son *PROPNAME*is missing all of her CTY peeps. She hopes they will keep her updated on what happening in that little town with big city problems.is proud to admit she is a 35 year old mom who LOVES Eminem.Date Night! Woo Hoo!!!!!!!!!loved hanging out with Klocks!It is so true - your hair always looks great the day before you have a hair appointment. However, as soon as I step out in this humidity, I will be jolted back to reality.enjoyed her Wednesday night.is helping her husband start his facebook account. Oh no.heard someone say that status updates are the ultimate form of narcissism. Got her thinkin'. Could that be true?is wondering how the 8lb kid and the 91lb dog will do in the back of the Altima on a road trip. I guess we'll see!!drank too much iced tea before bed.It's raining, it's pouring...and I just flat ironed my hair. Bleh.is longing for the comfort of familiar.is listening to my dog, my husband, and my baby snore...simultaneously. I AM SURROUNDED!!!is once again wishing for a gardener and a maid.doesn't think Carlisle is going to happen this summer. Sorry guys!messing with her new MacBook Pro, thanks Albemarle County!is hoping *PROPNAME* slept through the night for *PROPNAME*.Happy Birthday, Cash!in need of a babysitter the afternoon and evening of UVA v. VT...any ideas? Know any great sitters? HELP! :)thinks she's a rock star...THINKS. Bleh.Bring it, Wankees.is taking care of *PROPNAME* and his first cold. Mommy no likey.i wonder...is thinking about a CTY reunion...hmmmm.......is loving socialinterview.comRecognized more silver lining than cloud on a fairly cloudy day - what a freeing experience!Fly Eagles Fly! On the road to victory! Fight Eagles Fight! Get a touchdown one, two, three... (four, etc. etc.) :)My husband is out in the 18" playing with the dog and the neighbors' kids. Gotta love him.Anyone know a plow guy lookin' for work? haha. Seriously, if you know anyone that can get to us today or early tomorrow - send me the info, yo.The largest front end loader I have ever seen just plowed our driveway. Ah, the smell of freedom.Raise your hand if you are snowed in AND consuming way too many calories. I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!Watching NCIS marathon. Last time I did this, I investigated mysterious deaths all night long! And I had to work the next day!Reality check. We are fortunate. Prayers for Haiti.believes thinking is over-rated.Anyone interested in training for the Cville 10 miler with me?To CTYers past and present, I urge you to do two things: 1) Dust off your Garden State soundtrack, there was a reason we listened to it non-stop for 42 days. 2) Mark July 16-18 in your calendar - we are all descending on the land of milk and honey. Carlizzle fo' shizzle.My FB font is huge - regular size on every other program - what did I do? Help!Inside Edition has hit an all time low. Lead story: Will the crisis in Haiti affect the Golden Globe Awards?Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice. Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice.The lady at Panera didn't even have to ask me my name today. It showed up on my receipt - spelled correctly. Maybe I need to hit up Greenberry's for a little bit.Anyone have a gently-used treadmill they'd like to sell?Heard since it's Vday weekend that people were changing their profile pics. Don't have a pictures of me and all three of my valentines (but *PROPNAME* is in the belly here) Can you imagine if I tried picking up *PROPNAME* now? :)
just finished watching terminator about to watch Dance Flick :)got stuck writing my book, listening to staind & Muse lost track of thee Bloody Time! now im stuck in my own little world i have created!The wise speak only of what they know.” ~ J.R.R TOLKEINis planning to go to the snow on ash's holidays :)is going to write some more of my book!just finished watching 10'000 BC now heading to bed hopefully ill feel better 2morrow :)):is making homemade mini quiches for *PROPNAME*!!!i want a pygmy marmosetfinally *PROPNAME* is asleep im not well at all ):me and wato's are on the jimmy not gettin very far!!! lmao hella goooooooddddd!!!is finally off to bed...so tired!!!Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is bornFinally got the net back on!!!! BUTTT left my camera with my funky pics from the w//e in Bendi ): owell!im going to play mahjong :)up early, i finally had a good nights sleep :) all refreshed for today!cant sleep but im so tiredReal women are not perfect, Perfect women are not Real!!!"look not from the mind, but from the soul. For the life that is coming is already before us, waiting to open up the world. just look more closely. find the eyes to see."it was such a beautiful sunny day and now its raining!!!back in bendigo and starting my detox...FUN FUN!!!In the night garden is not 4 kids!Upsydaisy & igglepiggle kissin in the pinkyponk,tombliboos always strippin,pontipines have 8 kids & maccapacca has OCD!amber decided it would be fun to steal an egg and smash it on the carpet ):is still sick and missing ash already!is off to bed!!! so tiredLovin keyshia coles new song TRUST!!!Aristotle wasc right when he said - to perceive is to suffer!is *PROPNAME* :) <3is ready for bigger and better things!!!i seen a cauliflower @ the Crown!!!might head off to melb tonight!!! gotta get out of bendiGAYYYYthe weather is horrid for a saturday but i suppose we need the rain!need to find a house in melb want to move b4 christmas!is finally ready to sleep got doc appointment 2morrow or shall i say 2day!is heading to bed not feeling 100% tonight! nye nye's every1 xoand amber are gettin out groove on!!! lolis about to start reading my new book~library of the dead by glenn cooper seems very interesting :)has decided to quit smoking, havnt had one in 2 days!!having a nice hot mug of ginger and lemon teaYAY *PROPNAME* is fast asleep already!!! that's wat happens wen tarnisha puts toys in her cot wen they are supposed to be sleeping!had a gud nite!!! might go to melb later, feel like a train adventure!Just watched the new Harry Potter :) now heading to bed!!!*PROPNAME* decided it would be good fun to spill noodles all over her and all over the floor!Cant wait till *PROPNAME*'s party this Sat :)cant sleep and looking for some inspiration but yet im so tired, i need to finish this chapter! im gonna regret this later today!YAY!!! my house is finally looking normal againcant find my phone Grrrrr i think i left it @ mum's ):*PROPNAME* is being so naughty today!just got my labret re-peircedup nice and early....heading to melb soon, *PROPNAME* is coming today WOOHOOO!!!Off to Gold coast this weekend WOOHOO!!!my sketch is getting done and im off to get my first tatt next monday wooo hoojust got back to the hotel for dinner then hitting the gym,pool & spa!!!Ginger & Lemon tea works wonders loland *PROPNAME* are ROCKIN it out!!! lolCourage is found in unlikely places.Hmmmmm what can i do tonight???is off to bed nite all!!!LMAO ROX!!!has just finished my first cup of tea hmmm what can i do today?!!Damn you's a sexy bitch DAMN GIRL!!!is making singapore curry for dinner with coconut and saltana ricedid some christmas deco shopping and got amber a singing elmo stocking....i so wish i didnt do that now hahahacant sleep...gonna write some more of my book!!!wants to plan a kid city day for the little ones next month who is interested???i really hate spiders just found a heap of massive black ones on the outside of the house i mean MASSIVE :(and ash have been outside cleaning the yard and making a rabbit hut for amber :)ash will be home soon :) yay his dinner is waiting for himis having a bad day why am i so Agro...i think the moon is taking its affect on me already!!!And *PROPNAME* are rocking it out to Aaliyah+ Being able to relate to or think about the unknown is half the battle of expanding your spiritual beliefs. Having the opportunity to experience it personally is the other half. - *PROPNAME*is having a movie night with my man!!! :)I AM A HUMAN NOT A SANDWICH!!!is stuck on MEDIUM!!!! :)is fricken hot!!!is headin to bed in a min, im so tired tonight! wonder what tomorrow brings :)off to bed so tired and i cant wait till tomorrow HAPPY BIRTHDAY Ash i love you so so much! xoxoxoi get my new bedroom setting on monday YAY!its friggin hot and it will be like this till moday arrrggghhh so sleepin in the loungeroom 2nite!amber likes Beyonce its funny, everytime i put one of her songs she starts dancing like crazy and singingcant wait to see new moon & 2012 im counting down the days hahahawant to invest in a pool hmmmm hate public pools yukis going to see 2012 tonight woo hoo!!! been waiting to see this, it would be interesting to see if nostradamus predictions come true in 2012!!!Free your mind, Freen your thought, think outside the box, we have to restore balance in the world or we will cease to exist come on think about what is really going on in the world can we afford to be so selfish!!!cant wait till MAGICK HAPPENS!!! taking ash and my little girl with me!!! anyways off to bed to dream my night away :) nite all FB friends! sweet dreamsit has been a very interesting day so far.....havin a ball!!!!! poor sandy nearly got hit by lighteningwants to watch Medium but left it in the car along with my phone *FRUSTRATION*some people really get under my skin, i love intellegence at the same time have a low tolerance for stupidity, on the upside i got myself some new books and remedies to test!!!wants ash to get his butt out of bed so we can go and do something!!!Mehhh.....................WHY????!“I do not love the bright sword for it's sharpness, nor the arrow for it's swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend” Tolkein (lord of the rings)this is the best morning ive had in such a long time! im loving it!WHERE THE HELL IS DANI WATSON???? i need my purse back i have to go grocery shopping GRRRRRRrrrrrris having a games night with the girls if anyone is interested in joining???and *PROPNAME* wants to go to the Beach!!!YAY its Friday!!! hopefully Wattys gets her butt in town 2day! :)gonna play mahjongis back!!! *PROPNAME* will not sleep, teething :(got booze all i need now is a drinkin buddyis havin a drink with ash, jaz and tiggs :)cannot believe some people!!! you do nice things for someone and they take you for granted! well this is the last straw for me NO MORE will i help this person!just a question to all off my friends!!! do you think that a REAL INDIGO would be racist???? i thought we were here to help others not put them into a catagory where we critisize people over something they have no control over i find this quite disturbingmisses Ash heaps xoxois having a drink jazza and tiggs :)YAY booked in for family portraits :)Pass The Courvoisierdidnt even realise Bendigo cup was on 2morrow hahaha need to get updated with the times :) anyways got portraits today and they were absolutly fantastic!!! hmmm what can i do 2morrow, got alot of housework to catch up on which sucks bigtime :( its never ending!i want a beverage!!!! hurry up people! lolash is really pissing me off right about now GRRRrrrrrhad a great day shopping got some new dresses and amber new clothes havin a beer and chillaxin nowjust dropped the boyz off at the Airport...Hennessey here we come! CRUNK JUICE :) LOLjust made the best citrus cous cous salad for tea with pumpkin and potato croquettes yummhmmm ash is cooking dinner tonight but the question is when??? lolso so confused!!! cant wait till the girls get here :)Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.” Tolkein (lord of the rings)had CLOGS for tea was soooo goood! now havin a beer :)had a really great day at nan howarth's with the whole family yesterday :) now off to nanna and poppi khoo's today YAY :)rockin out to paramore===is hell tired so im heading to bed! nite all xo peaceash is a freakkkkkkk!shots of petrone!!!! da da daa da da da daaa da shot shot shot shotswaitin for wato's 2 get here!!! she is takin her sweet time! lolGetting my tattoo drawn up today! so excited, mite get a peircing while im out and about!listening to Alicia Keys new album....so far i like:) its AWESOME!i karate chopped a homeless guy at the dinner table because im a ninja!!!thinks karma is an amazing thing!!!BLAAHHHHh what a crappy morning!!!Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.made my first batch of peppermint foot scrub and it works wonders!!! love it!is having pepper steak with baby honey carrots, steamed zuccini, brocolini, eggplant and baby potato's with red wine gravy soooo gooood!!!having a beer and listening to tunes still pretty bored heyº¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„Pass It On º¤øloving my new book!!! i recomend "The house of night" series to everyone!!!9 inches :(Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under your statusmisses the the sound of the wind's voice and the whispering of the tree'sThe key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.is bloody tired!!! taking *PROPNAME* to the beach tomorrow :) i even brought her a bucket with spades loljust stay true to you!just got back from the market and YES once again i brought candles!off to wedderburn today going to celebrate halloween for the weekend YAY!!!How many really know what love is? Millions never will Do you know until you lose it That it's everything that we are looking for When I wake up in the morning You're beside me I'm so thankful that I found Everything that I been looking forjust finished my house duties now going to have a cuppa and chill back with my little girlcheers to the freakin weekend!If I wear makeup, I'm fake. If I like to get dressed up, I'm a Tart. If I say what i think, I'm a bitch. If I cry sometimes, I'm a drama queen. If I have guy friends, I'm a slut. If I stand up for myself, I'm mouthy. Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled.. So what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit. Repost this if your proud of who you are! x xi couldnt ask for a better support systemoff to work i go!!!me myself and i!wants to move to Daylesford!!!!heading home in a minute then off to look at bikes for bee's birthday in the morning!in times that are tough you really learn something new about yoursrlf, your life, the path your taking and the people around you. im happy for this and my life is great at this very moment i dont want it to change anything. this is a new chapter!!!i came to win to fight to conquor to thrive, i came to win to survive to prosper i came to FLYregret letoya feat ludacris perfect song*PROPNAME* doo-wops & hooligans <3off to do some hardcore shoppimg for bee'shad a good day out, met family from mauritius i didnt know i had, brought amber nearly an entire new wardrobe, bike and other goodies!!!Meditation time!!!!off to mansfield again!!!is off to read my bookis beyond caring i came back here to be happy and live the way i want to live.... my life is in my own hands you cant determine whats gonna make me happy and at peace only i can do that! i dont need anyone as long as i believe in myself!!!pineapplegoing out for dinner tonight at the Deck mansfield cannot wait!is cooking home made chilli, lime and corriander burgers yummm feel like a beer and some poker just no-one to play it with :(off to work soon so cbf!so tired cant wait to get home to see my baby girl!
is thanking God for another day in the land of the living. For tomorrow is not promised. A harsh reminder that we have a limited time to mend broken relationships achieve our goals and be with the ones we love.is BACK! AND BETTER THAN EVER!!!! A little wiser a lot stronger and much happier with a NEW ATTITUDE! :-)is lovin it! All I have to do is sit back, enjoy the ride, let the good times roll and my destiny is HERE. Yep, pretty much! :-)is so disappointed...why do I always have to be right about these things?knows that God is carrying her. Without Him this would be too much. "Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life. (Proverbs 4:23) Lord, I know your love is enough for me. :-)"If I should stay, I would only be in your way. So I'll go, but I know I'll think of you ev'ry step of the way...I hope life treats you kind. And I hope you have all you dreamed of. And I wish you joy and happiness but above this I wish you love....And I "Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouths speaks". Guard your words at all times. Your mouth can do so much damage to you and those around you. "The tongue is a world of iniquity, set afire of hell."Word of the day: You don't have to settle for anything or anyone in your life. Determine what you don't like, pray hard, work hard, and fix it. Sometimes its just easier to walk away and start over.is saying Lord take my hand, cover me and take me beyond what I understand.is thinking that some people, once gone, need not EVER come back into your life...EVER.is wondering why people think I'm going to put up with their foolishness. My silence IS NOT ignorance. YES, my price tag is HIGH, but the rewards FAR EXCEED THE COSTand those who matter will put in the work. The only treasure valued is the treasure worked for.is finally doing what she should have done a long time ago. A burden has been lifted.is SO HAPPY that my daddy ALWAYS hears and answers right on time!!! I LOVE MY JESUS and He's the only one that I need!I got exactly what I asked for and it hurts. I forgot that nightmares are dreams, too.is really craving some bbq! :-( I love my family but something's gonna have to change....is starting all over again....can see clearly now and no longer focuses on the closed doors. I'm only looking at all the open ones God has set before me. "Surely or ONLY goodness, mercy, and unfailing love shall follow me ALL THE DAYS of my life and the presence of the Lord and His house shall be my dwelling place forever.""Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is GOD that justifieth...For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Have a blessed day!is lmbo as this last Uno game I just played! But really, though? Time for bed, long day tomorrow.is comforted and content. It only gets better from here!had dinner with one of her favorite teachers and is FINALLy home....People come and go and will always disappoint so I only invest in God. Lord, I belong to you until the end of time. I just wanna be close to you.Two weddings, one baby shower and a great church service on Sunday! A weekend full of love and encouragement and I know the best is yet to come! "All things work together for the good to them that love God, for them who are the called according to his purpose.""And still, I rise."is excited about her first day at her NEW JOB as a college graduate! This is gonna be a FABULOUS DAY! This is the day that the LORD hath made, let us REJOICE and be glad in it!finally graudated, despite the weather. Thank you, Jesus. And thank you all for your love and support and thanks to my love who came out to celebrate with me last night!enjoyed spending time with one of her favorite people, *PROPNAME*. :-)has to start all over again...is done with facebook. Why am I tagged in a status against my will?
