When you've hidden an application in your news feed, is there anyway to bring it back?
Going to YEC with my church on monday
The New Droid phone is the sweetest phone ever. xmas has come early bitches!
Intelligence is a curse, life a senseless disease. Gods grant me respite by death or lobotomy...
Everything is fine until it isn’t. And then you deal with it.
BYE PPL! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! Especially bye to *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, n *PROPNAME* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! Have a great holiday!!! xxxx
Hang on a minute, i have to put my phone in my cheese so i can get out my keys to open this door...
has a farmers tan
has consumed so many cough drops as of late, i'm making a wrapper bracelet with those too.
me and wato's are on the jimmy not gettin very far!!! lmao hella goooooooddddd!!!
It's snowing in Houston!
messed up an assignment for one class already in the early college season. FML!!!!!! stupid hw... -_-"
i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... great
fjuck x 3.5
CAVS ROCK THE HOUSE
finally remembers the meaning of summertime Friday nights.
anthony bourdain bliss
"yeah! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too... as i'm saying it."
Finally got the net back on!!!! BUTTT left my camera with my funky pics from the w//e in Bendi ): owell!
continues to befuddle herself.
is experiencing some Schadenfreude right now...
its friggin hot and it will be like this till moday arrrggghhh so sleepin in the loungeroom 2nite!
wants to escape
is desperately bored..entertain me please
day 1 trip planning, bought a very nice travel guide
Yuppie (short for "young urban professional" or "young upwardly-mobile professional") [1] is a 1980s and early 1990s term for financially secure, upper-middle class young people in their 20s and early 30s. [2]. Although its first usage was as a media catchphrase, it eventually became somewhat derogatory in nature.
along with wife *PROPNAME*, have decided to celebrate filing their first, joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned American way, by purchasing a new TV.
warped tour was fantastic =]
stuck at home doing the same old boring thing...again.
sooo, this essay....
justine henin, stay the hell away from tennis. no one wants you back. you sir, were a bitch
Even when it's free it ain't cheap.
Arnuihooo :( R.I.P.
People come and go and will always disappoint so I only invest in God. Lord, I belong to you until the end of time. I just wanna be close to you.
Just to be clear: Life is just a bowl of RAINIER cherries. :D
is 17 in twelve days!
is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :D p.s. cheers for the car lol :P
Rain is ruining my plans...
its too HOT to be running
is packing.
seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: Do u want to write on my wall? Yes//No.. :
2 pages down on my paper 3 to go!
got stuck writing my book, listening to staind & Muse lost track of thee Bloody Time! now im stuck in my own little world i have created!
is so lucky to have a friend as BRILLIANT as *PROPNAME*. and also loves *PROPNAME*. but everyone knows that *PROPNAME* is an elbow bashing DICK.
can't cook
when will I stop spilling liquids?
. . . . .
Busybusybusy! :D Out & about is much better than in and bored!
I have more time on my hands - this means I have gone through 5 books in the last 5 days!
is in the last day of her two-day mad dash to finish. Can she get all her work done it time???
A good friend passed away suddenly this morning. Keeping her in my thoughts.
back from the doctor with many many meds
SOOTY PUPPET!
NYU Portaits: Voices of a People was AMAZING!!! XD
Gah...sick of feeling like crap! Gods deliver me from resilient falltime ailments...*brandishes stick menacingly...then gets dizzy and passes out*
Thanking everyone for all the birthday love. Now, how 'bout them saints!? I am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?
is stressing about finals. So much to do, so little time. Luckily, I have the amazing prize of being with *PROPNAME* worry-free once all this work is done.
is ready for her day off
reviewin stuff, like I do ?
Sore throat starting out. Tempted to gargle vodka, but must get some work done.
is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.
"I said he's a fairy I do suppose//flyin thru the air in pantyhose//he may be very sexy or even cute//but he looks like a sucka in a blue and red suit//I said you need a man who's got finesse//& his whole name across his chest//he may be able to fly all thru the night//but can he rock a party til the early light//he can't satisfy you with his little worm//but I can bust you out w my Super sperm!!" Rapper's Delight on Superman
is having a bad day why am i so Agro...i think the moon is taking its affect on me already!!!
enough with the rain already
absolutely hates AutoCAD. Why am I still in architecture?
dealing with crazy people all day... A&A ppl: don't forget the lecture tonight! Not sure what it is about though... :P
had only 5 hours of sleep last night and somehow feels fine, but will have 7-8 hours of sleep on schooldays and cannot seem to wake up in the morning. What the crap is that??
is too lazy to put her stuff back in order. Maybe tomorrow.
"Hippy is an establishment label for a profound, invisible, underground, evolutionary process. For every visible hippy, barefoot, beflowered, beaded, there are a thousand invisible members of the turned-on underground. Persons whose lives are tuned in to 
is somewhat on hiatus from facebook for a while...may check it occasionally...*shrug*
had a great weekend with *PROPNAME*... dancing, sightseeing, and most, importantly, just being together. :)
Can't wait for Thursday - I'm buying hair straighteners!
just got back from a Shiva.
"If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything." -*PROPNAME*
Why did they discontinue naptime after kindergarten?!?! I need a nap!
is alive. You should try it sometime; it's a lot of fun.
Okay, people, seriously..."lol" is so blood annoying when you use it on every line.
ughhhhhh!
i give up.
has lovebites.
mmm.... bloody steak.
Happy Thanksgiving
hubby is sick, connor is crabby..... I'm just tired.
is celebratin' good times!
is very anxious for House to start again in september
"Yes yes yes, effervescently meaningless..."
anyone have a place i can put my car during the football game? our house is doing football parking so its getting kicked out :( poor thing
had the BEST DAY EVER!!! :) I'm so happy ?
everyone's starin at me feet
hates the person downstairs. I'm trying to work up here. I don't need you singing a vocalese while you're gargling at the sink. I mean really...
How did a non-coffee drinker like me end up hooked on cappuccinos?
<3
Back to the routine, then...
gotz new shoes. hooray! ^o^
really wants a kitten... and I shall name her *PROPNAME*.
does the reading ever end?
some people really get under my skin, i love intellegence at the same time have a low tolerance for stupidity, on the upside i got myself some new books and remedies to test!!!
OMFG!!! hus clever idea was it 2 snd our year books in da mail caws myne is freakin ripped in half becaws of da rain i mean seriously da old system was fine!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if it not bloody broken den dnt fix it!!!!!!! stupid bastard >:(
will post some Halloween pictures... eventually.
ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :P ahhh its gay
It's WAYBACK WEEK! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! Let's have fun and get everyone to do it. Copy and paste this to your status!
up way too early. agh
is really really sore from dance yesterday! I can't wait for my muscles to get stronger so I can do more crazy stuff
Restoration! or, why LTS is incredible.
There's no one like you. I can't wait for the nights with you. I imagine the things we'll do, I just wanna be loved by you. ?
Leprechaun Pikachu!!
Does anyone else spend waaay too much time worrying about what aria to start an audition with? Or is it an irrelevant point and I'm just stupid? Grrrrrr
Debating on whether or not to drink...alcohol...
Cant wait till *PROPNAME*'s party this Sat :)
In our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. But the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.
Stupid PC... seriously asking to get chucked out the window. But in the spirit of the season, it shall be spared.
rotc
movies =]
Wooo - i am so very happy :D
"yeah, i know! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too---as i say it" ~ coach mcguirk
has 99 friends, so why is it that I feel the need for one more?
is in search of the perfect margarita... :)
~ First Mission: Decode - Paramore.
Is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this scene
gonna stay late at work to get some extra stuff done, & then go home & veg out. I'm a geezer today, I guess...
is Nancy Drew.
Going through everyone's status messages from last night... yeah, so maybe I didn't do anything sexy or fun but I was at an event so >:P
is baking a cherry pie from scratch :-)
House to myself... Time for booze...
boogabooogaboggaaa!
finally saw Star Trek. AWESOME. Space is so crazy
messing with her new MacBook Pro, thanks Albemarle County!
There has to be a better way to solve this else I die of fustration and disintegrate in my own rage.
the weather is horrid for a saturday but i suppose we need the rain!
oh my god rice cookers are incredible
to the gallery!!!!!
misses the kitty-cats
is going to get busy tonight... writing a paper. :(
yay...100 friends!
hates FML on principle.
leopard ?
Should probably go to sleep soon..
Cannot wait to see *PROPNAME* today!
Got to be 'early to rise' tomorrow, so I'ma try to be 'early to bed' tonight...thusly, going to bed now; we'll see how that goes!
""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." - *PROPNAME*
No more student tickets for opening night at the lyric opera! Hmm... How unmissable is tomorrow going to be? I'm thinking I may go anyway.
As everyone else is... Any else got Rosemary White as a Tutor?
is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light as he crosses the Threshold...
is studying, doing laundry, studying, going shopping, studying, and cooking for *PROPNAME* tonight! Yippee!
*PROPNAME* is hilarious.
is thanking God for another day in the land of the living. For tomorrow is not promised. A harsh reminder that we have a limited time to mend broken relationships achieve our goals and be with the ones we love.
got a jersy from *PROPNAME*, a clean car from her mother, and a free portfolio from her sister! Not too shabby for the unexciting 22nd birthday. :D Thank you everyone!
fun fact... the foremost creationist advocate got his phd in bio chem from berktown
DAMN YOU, JAM!!
needs to stop buying things online or she's going to be penniless.
It just occurred to me that two of my favorite songs are punk songs about gruesome abortions ("Bodies" by Sex Pistols and "Die of Shame" by Tilt)...man, I'm just not quite right, lol!
WHO 'DAT!
hasn't had power for the past 2 hours..man im so bored.....
I feel like its the end of an era in Gator football! : ( I am so lucky and thankful I got to go to UF when I did! Thank you Tebow and thank you Urban!
er i Sverige.
hooked on PBS
is having fun learning the 12 Principles of Animation. Also, I drove on a road for the first time yesterday. Don't worry; it was just a few blocks, and everyone should be back on their feet in no time. ;)
sad day....jeanne claude, wife of christo passed yesterday. met them a couple of years ago in their soho studio...two of the most passionate artists i've ever had the pleasure meeting.
off to try and sleep
Por favor, que las cosas mejoren! Si es que en verdad alguien puede ayudar, que le otorguen lo que necesita!
has arrived at Iowa and is settling into his new apartment.
happy turkeying errbody
money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.
im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :D
My car no longer screeches like a banshee passing kidney stones...thanks, Mr. Mechanic! In other news, my 'simple' cold is worsening by the hour and I'm feverish...and all of the home remedies and cold meds I try are for naught! Bah!
Dear Santa: I know I'm a Grinch, but could you please bring me a computer repairman for Christmas? I'll make you jambalaya...
the unknown is NOT fun. Ya'll are crazy for thinking so. lol
why does it seem like im always online these days?...
There's a Flying hooker watching you hug.
Damn... StumbleUpon has stopped working.
thinks she's a rock star...THINKS. Bleh.
So I was watching the news in Thai and they showed a picture of the Earth and the Sun and a big comet like solar flare thing circling the Sun. .Umm is there something I should know? Do I need to find a bomb shelter? I am so out of the news loop, I found out the US health bill passed on Facebook for god sakes!
Feliz navidad!! xxx
from my vet school app, hours I have spent working & volunteering with animals and veterinarians: 3690
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!!!! i hope you all have a wonderful day :D <3
Give me some help people what are the aurgements for or agaisnt giving some one`s genetic information without there consent?
Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion. --oscar wilde
Some people are like Slinkies. They don't really have a purpose, but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down the stairs.
mMmMm!!!!! nutella on a spoon!
is in lake placid and it's wonderful.
pasta and criminal minds marathon and putting off reading
Progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.-Heinlein
is writing a paper that is due tomorrow... What? I should be writing it instead of writing this status? If you say so...
I got five on it.
Why is it impossible to sit in the tub with the shower on and not feel emo?
is in SF to attend a two-day prep course for school. Still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it.
hasn't noticed anything new with facebook, what am I missing?
happy I was able to squeeze in a 30 minute pole workout before tutoring and class today...I'm proud of myself! Gettin stuff done!
Meet *PROPNAME*, My imaginary Donkey.
loves the gorilla face!
hates writer's block.
A recent online exchange: Other guy: "I have to imagine it's wholly possible that someone could understand humans so well, yet be completely unable to read, write, or do math. In today's society, people like that would be shunned. Veritas If you can't r
was disappointed that *PROPNAME* was not in the Victoria's Secret fashion show...girl is my favorite :(
umm...wtf is wrong with *PROPNAME*?? I ? *PROPNAME*
had a great time with friends, met some new peoples, and experienced one hell of a night!!!!
The Q is back.
it's 4:30 and i'm still awake. i hate myself sometimes
just keep the ball rolling
made mochi and red bean
Fucking hell, grrrr....
You are beautiful, sir. But I hope you're interesting, too. Do you read? Do you think about what you read? I specifically told the agency I wanted someone who thinks about what he reads.
The girl walking me to my classes today asked me if I played any sports. HAHAHAHA HA ha ha ha...Ahh, that's funny. Silly cheerleaders.
happy new year ... at last its 2010 :)
is sleepy and doesn't want to pack
is writing a Psychology essay.
has renamed his iPod: *PROPNAME*
MAINSTREAM. ALL DAY LONG... KILL IT.
did 45 minutes of dance, 8 minute abs, 8 minute buns, stretching, dog walking...NOW I can relax, watch Jersey Shore reunion and eat ice cream! :-)
Finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!
Aggrevated that I let someone else take me from really happy to hurt and depressed. It's on me to change my reaction to be one of Loveful Me.
Babbbbyyy you've got what it takes!
FOR ANYONE THAT IS HAVING TROUBLE GETTING SOMETHING FOR THE HONORS AND AP SPANISH 3 HW GO TO GOOGLE AND SEARCH "NINOS DE LOS INMIGRANTES"
is still sick. Oh well.
may be in Ithaca on the night of Nov. 6th.
~ aerobics to Family Force 5? Epic.
media is kl :D
~ 73 pages//15000 words of continuous narrative. Almost ready for another editing phase (*PROPNAME* . . . *PROPNAME* . . .). Now we're getting into the complicated stuff . . . Fun.
is watching District 9
just found a new way to annoy coworkers: drink a big gulp of water and chew as you slowly swallow it
is 17 in nine days! (I missed yesterday's count down...)
well, my kid and *PROPNAME* are better now..... just waiting for it to hit me...
Hooo...this semester...am I right guys? Wild!
is excited for July 3rd.
It's a Wonderful day, for PIE!
is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year. California: your move
is getting ready to leave town for the weekend
gym then back to the leebrary . wow.
ughhhh!
is reading his packet for law school orientation. This is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time.
doing freaking laundry, in and out of the apt.
Hmm, that wasn't too bad. Had me worried for a minute. I've certainly seen worse endings. Like freakin' Fallen! Seriously, what the crap was that?! Anyways, not bad. ^^
Dear Homeowner: I apologize for contributing to the destruction of your plastic fence. Though you will be pleased to know that we did indeed reach our destination and rocked out with our cocks out. Okay not really, but we did rock out.
Merry Christmas!
is still sick...first time to miss christmas eve services...good thing i have great colleagues...
The Silent killers are... Rocket Dinosaurs... In Space.
I ? Sunday
9 inches :(
I need to be asleep. I get up in....5 hrs ? No idea really. What am I doing again ?
Did *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this month. Not bad
needs sleep but doesn't want it to stop being tonight. Damn sleep is an awful habit.
Momentarily considered waxing poetic about the new year (one 'holiday' that is actually somewhat important to me), but it's all been said before, I'm sure. Instead, I'm just gonna go get loads of sleep so I can enjoy tomorrow night's festivities wholeheartedly!
ATTENTION JERSEY PEOPLE!!!..........Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. please re-post!
is terribly confused. It feels like my mind is warring with itself...
is in Indiana for the weekend! <3
Huh. I stand corrected.
"Say one, more word, I double dare you, BRING IT ON! Its my world, you're in it, It'll take you down in a minute. You can alter your look, and diversify your race, but the truth seems like, a bitch slap In Your Face!"
GRE sorrows
wishes people could just agree on one perfect technique and have done with it!
is sermonizing on seat selection, servanthood, & stewardship...
I have to quit drinking diet coke. Much sadness and headaches.
has cold feet.
marathon on the square at 10pm for happy hour?
is making eggs and bacon before it's officially noon. ;)
I still think people that can't stack baskets properly are idiots.
“A veces uno es manantial entre rocas y otras veces un árbol con las últimas hojas. Pero hoy me siento apenas como laguna insomne con un embarcadero ya sin embarcaciones una laguna verde inmóvil y paciente conforme con sus algas sus musgos y sus peces, sereno en mi confianza confiando en que una tarde te acerques y te mires, te mires al mirarme….”
Seriously I dont know how male dominated Apple is but "pad" has a whole different connotation for us ladies
merry x-mas to all and lets all drink to good times
RUDY I OSLO!
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*.
is glad the computer is working again!!!! :D
Serving God is doing good to man, but praying is thought an easier service and is therefore more generally chosen.
is confused.
just watched *PROPNAME* as *PROPNAME*, something that has forced me to revise my previous low opinion of him. It was great! Right up there with Philip Langridge and *PROPNAME*, which I understand is weird to say seeing as he came first of all. But sti
anxious to move and thinking too much
For some reason I have stayed up till 4am. I'm only a little tired, and I've run out of books to read. I've also started and finished a game I downloaded. Is there something wrong with me?
Parkour: Not good to practice in the house.
Sorry people that i posted those quizzes ystrday. I shouldnt have done that. they were stupid anyways.
Surreal night...I think I might've slept and just woke up every hour and lay awake for awhile before falling back asleep again--but conversely, I might've just lain awake and semi-insensible the whole night with periods of more awareness...not sure which! Either way, I'm tired, but surprisingly decent otherwise!
Ambrosia artemisiifolia why are you so cruel?
whitney museum.... media biblioteca... mañana MOMA, Union Square...
Feeling DAMN GOOD headwise lately: forceful self-change of outlook, meds seem to be finally working, & I'm startin to get shit done! 'Course, meds need tweaking--one of 'em (dunno which) is also tryin to make me a zombie--not the fun movie kind, either: I get sleepy around 4 or 5 PM now; too damn early even if I weren't a night owl! PSYCHED bout the forward progress, but this zombie thing's crampin' my nightlife, oy!
Will the various owners of: A silver iPod Mini, a Blue Hoodie, a red scarf and a stick on moustache, please let me know who owns what, so I can return things.
in kailua... 12 dager til norge...
Keeping the people of Haiti in my thoughts
is hungry for haggis
can't wait!
s little sister told her that she could "ride her tricycle with no handlebars." As long as you don't start singing their more political songs, sweetie. :P
wants to go to the aventura concert at mohegan sun
has no more finals. But it keeps going uphill.
Most disgusting statistic I've ever heard: AVG NYC Model = 5'10, 110lbs....
is already packed. xD
now needs another costume idea for the 80's party!
During a recent password audit, it was found that a blonde was using the following password: MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento. When asked why such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital.
“What? Beavers are real? I thought they were mythical creatures!”
The best winter holiday season of my life has concluded
had the craziest vivid dream that I was pregnant. So weird!! Dream interpretation says this is a good symbol...
Going ot Ko Chang Island to hopefully ride some elephants!
can't wait for Transformers in IMAX tonight!! ?
having fun in the am. i also have a midterm on physics in the next 7 hours. good night peoples and wish me luck!
Was just blown away by a Schumann symphony...what? I don't know what to believe anymore...
is a busy bee
misses *PROPNAME* already.
bought her 2010 Farmer's Almanac today.... horray for not having to write down every single sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset, and void of course pattern for next year! wOOt!
i love weekends! <3
Anyone know where I can get UV Paint cheapish not from Amazon?
wants to take a rorschach test...
Hey, it actually is December.
Woo-hoo! On to Indy! Anyone care to place an over//under on how long it'll take for some sportswriter to mention Namath or Super Bowl III?
Heh...:"God I wish that I could hide away//And find a wall to bang my brains//I'm living in a fantasy,//a nightmare dream...reality//People ride about all day//In metal boxes made away//I wish that they would drop the bomb//And kill these cunts//that don't belong! I hate people!//I hate the human race//I hate people!//I hate your ugly face//I hate people!//I hate your fucking mess//I hate people!//They hate me!"-Anti-Nowhere League
Let's go Rangers!
is having a movie night with my man!!! :)
meh. forgotten test in the morning.
is proud to admit she is a 35 year old mom who LOVES Eminem.
"I'm like a lawyer with the way I'm always trying to get you off"
"Uh, didn't ask about your hair, *PROPNAME*." "You asked with your eyes, *PROPNAME*. You asked with your eyes."
been awake for 12 hours now.
is cooking home made chilli, lime and corriander burgers yummm feel like a beer and some poker just no-one to play it with :(
That, ladies and gentlemen, was a season opener.
dreaming about providence and whether mice and men get second tries....
is tired. She would sleep, but there's a cat on her desk that requires supervision.
is just about insane by now.
Avatar was AMAZING! I loved it. Spend the money and see it in IMAX 3-D. I promise it's worth it!
Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice. Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice.
"A perfection of means, and a confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem"
It liiiives!!! (Meds adjusted--we'll see if I stay awake today! *blinkblink*)
I don't understand why some people make it so hard for you to be nice to them. I dont understand why I'm worrying about it anyway, they sure aren't.
The only fear I have, Is my failure to adhear his path
"Life is white, and I am black. Jesus and his lawyer are coming back."
~ CDC latest report: Autism effects 1 in 110 children born each day. 1 in 70 boys. Put this in your status for 1 HOUR if you know someone with AUTISM. Let our children's voices be heard. Here's to 2010 increasing awareness, research and proactively finding answers.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
i seen a cauliflower @ the Crown!!!
is planning to go to the snow on ash's holidays :)
Go to urbandictionary.com, type your first name copy and paste this as your status and put the first entry for your name as a comment:
would like to bash her head against a concrete wall.
Woo. New glasses will be ready next week!
first day PhD applications, forgot how challenging this is.
so much snow!
just ate a ton of sugar woaaahhh... Explain to me again why I'm not ripped?
is going to the football game at shiloh tomorrow =] haha yay
Happy National Coming Out Day!
Well, this poem MIGHT, loosely, imitate *PROPNAME*'s poem... Not sure I used enough imagery
almost done hearing about baseball. yessss
"Many of us spend our whole lives running from feeling with the mistaken belief that you cannot bear the pain. But you have already borne the pain. What you have not done is feel all you are beyond the pain." -*PROPNAME*
needs to stop listening to her normal playlist if she wants to stop waking up feeling like she's missed something big.
is gonna stay awake all night. Then I should be able to just pass out at 9 PM tomorrow (today).
can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thing
realizes that she has friends on Facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? Discuss:
listening to Muse. ? :D
has to start all over again...
"What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?" "Dr. Dre?" "Fuck you, Carl."
Don't forget to sign up for the Ultimate Club!!!!
*PROPNAME*
back in beantown after a nice vermont excursion
paper done with 20 minutes to spare. poptart time.
hungry and got no food but it is cold out so I don't want to go out to get it! Instead I plan to put Safety Dance on repeat. yes yes i will be fed by the power of dance in a strange medieval town
has come to the realization that I hate Architecture. Hate it. Integrations is the worst experience ever. I'll be happy passing with a C.
Anyone bothering to go Lava tomorrow?
Best newly discovered unhealthy snack disguised as a healthy one: yogurt-covered raisins :D
"I feel stupid, but it's something that comes and goes"
so wish i had the time to watch the Steelers stomp on the Bears
off to work i go!!!
I love to watch Olympic Figure skating!!
is excited that *PROPNAME* Crews is coming to Denver tomorrow!
is kinda glad my front brake is now functional, otherwise I would likely have been squashed by a little yellow car today.
starts Psychology tomorrow.
Off to a training, not back til Sunday. So tired. So in pain. Starbucks will make it all better, I know it !
welcomes *PROPNAME* into the world! Congratulations *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!
Is looking to join junior league of New Orleans, anybody know who to contact?
Big Red Button! http:////www.milaadesign.com//bigred.html
feels so blessed by her church family...there couldn't be a better church to serve than Calvary!
is a little upset about the amount of snow, and hopes she gets enough birthday money to visit her parents this weekend.
Is not looking forward to this reeeeeally long flight!
"Britain's desire to be a big player on the world stage has delivered huge benefits including being dragged into a series of catastrophic wars with America's throbbing tumescence lodged firmly at the back of our throat, while at the same time being unable to afford decent roads, railways, schools and hospitals. It's what we call a 'win-win'."
hug a vegetarian day!
has now gone BLONDE!
København
Never getting gas before work again...
Its the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant movies
finally found her tea diffuser! It's tea time, biyotch! ...Hmm, am I allowed to say that? Guess I'll find out when I'm grounded for a week... ;)
is off camping
is a bad person.
kylees dying my hair =]]
is so excited for fireworks! I love watching fireworks!!
thought District 9 was way cool!! Funny People sucked...
i think this week of college just might kill me
the most interesting man in the world doesn't always eat soup. but when he does. he prefers cream of mushroom.
Is still pretty much on facebook hiatus...if you message me I'll probably answer though. Otherwise, most of you know where to find me!
reckons it's looking a lot like Washington in California right now.
tralala my car is packed and ready to go....
regret letoya feat ludacris perfect song
Gah, bus schedules are confusing! *scratches head, which then explodes*
just in from a fun fall night at the harvard//brown game...harvard won..go crimson!... down with the brown!
cannot WAIT to pet a dolphin. Are they as slimy as they look??
is watching the Little League World Series.
Meus somnerium... En busca de un pequeño momento de comprensión...
is trying to find an apartment.
nat. science final in a couple of hours.... more study or sleep? argh, stupid test!!!
loves you, yeah yeah yeah.
loves correlation coefficients
drank too much iced tea before bed.
i feel worse than i did yesterday. thank God there's no class today.
tenker på Norge...
is really into the Cocteau Twins and Depeche Mode right now.
super excited for: ? dinner tonight w// *PROPNAME*? manicure today ? pole dance workout class tomorrow ? Halloween!!
is sick as a dog & about to go home early...bluhhhh
*PROPNAME*
Merry Christmas all!
organizing things and getting excited about the Bahamas! ?
Studying is cramping my style...
likes pina coladas and getting caught in the rain
Stability means we run it. There are countries that are very stable. Cuba is stable, but that’s not called stability.
Sleep. I have the ACT in the morning after all...
is so glad I finally tried a chiropractor! My back hasn't felt this good in ages! I was very crackly, lol.
and *PROPNAME* are getting married July 17, 2010!
is watching kid's cartoons and wishing she weren't so old.
wants to sleep eight hours tonight. And so she shall.
had a gud nite!!! might go to melb later, feel like a train adventure!
is in a tropical mood...I need a fruity umbrella drink
I have a love//hate relationship with the Stairmaster
I don't want to die now. I've still got a headache. I don't want to go to heaven with a headache, I'd be all cross and wouldn't enjoy it
"The whole purpose of religion is to facilitate love and compassion, patience, tolerance, humility, forgiveness." --H.H. the Dalai Lama
I just got emailed my Ezy-Ticket to Paramore! I don't want to wait three months to see them!
todays run was amazing! I made it to washington st and back in 64:00 min with very little pain in my back! XC meet tmrw @RCC in Moreno Valley
had a really great day at nan howarth's with the whole family yesterday :) now off to nanna and poppi khoo's today YAY :)
a) louisville got jobbed tonight -- those refs were an embarrassment b) avatar was even better the second time :)
S.T.E.E.L.E.R.S.
is still awake at 3:30. oh me
Is not looking forward to doing my to do list the wife left me
Motorola S305!!!
I, I'm thinking it's a sign That the freckles in our eyes Are mirror images, and when we kiss They're perfectly aligned And I have to speculate That God himself did make Us into corresponding shapes Like puzzle pieces from the clay
is going to spend some time with her...
Six Flags today, Dells tomorrow!
Having surgery today. I can't wait to be in hospital. I'm not a big fan of surgery. But hospitals feel like home to me. Calming in the chaos.
*PROPNAME* Fails.
GO VIKES!!
"I really can't afford to keep eating out this giraffe!"
my new phone comes today =]] and i scored a C on my first quiz. yayy =]]
-3 F!
has a new number, ask me if you need it
hates crying, hates her health (or lack thereof), hates snow, and hates Christmas and its trappings of tomfoolery. Today has become a day of hate. *angry pout*
sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight. Happy Independence Day!
is back: *PROPNAME* 73 feels like... home?!
GOOO GATORS!!
BRRR! "Stiff Little Fingers" indeed!
Beware uncaged coral.
has found the U of Iowa anime club. There goes my GPA.
talking to the two little guys standing on my shoulders about the iPhone
woke up at 2:30pm today...guess I needed some sleep :)
really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!
Paper or Plastic
Happy Thanksgiving!
*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are doing Dr. *PROPNAME*'s *PROPNAME* Songs? eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
is planning to kill james patterson if he decides 2 kill fang in da next maximum ride book >:|
has been accepted into grad school. Finally.
has on his soothsayer cap: [One day, parents who send their children to "super-gold-plated-Cadillac" private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families]
cant sleep but im so tired
Rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old
Is done with her paper! now to the next one...
Snow, snow! I love it so!!!! XD But getting to class is gonna be interesting....
In the night garden is not 4 kids!Upsydaisy & igglepiggle kissin in the pinkyponk,tombliboos always strippin,pontipines have 8 kids & maccapacca has OCD!
oww my back...today i'm like 70 or something
bar...
Today's sky is as grey as my default mood setting. Sometimes it's rather exhausting being so exquisitely angst-ridden...*rolls eyes, sighs*
Cheese fries!
Holy sinus headache, Batman! *left eyeball, unable to take the 'pressure,' explodes out of skull, shoots across room, lands in file drawer under "O" for "Owwww"*
LHC: 2 beams WOOOOOO!
Wow, fresh air. Crazy. Good day sunshine, you're my favourite star.
misses having hobbies. Geez, law school, suck the life out of me, why don't you?
thanks for the birthday wishes
Meditation time!!!!
didnt even realise Bendigo cup was on 2morrow hahaha need to get updated with the times :) anyways got portraits today and they were absolutly fantastic!!! hmmm what can i do 2morrow, got alot of housework to catch up on which sucks bigtime :( its never ending!
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.-*PROPNAME*
is glad 2moz is friday
why is sjur blasting music at 730 am
Pink :P
just saw a tragic//comedic drama - August: Osage County - and thought it was intensely true and devastating and redemptive and isolating and packed with anger, hurt, joy, confusion, misunderstandings, and innocent deceptions. This family could be the centerpiece of a dissertation on family systems theory!
woke up this morning with both of her arms asleep. unpleasant.
is 76% of the way to my goal of running three miles in eighteen minutes. Good first attempt.
dear santa, here is a list of gifts I hope to see under the tree tomorrow: -ps3 -27" iMac (i didn't put it on my list, but you should have known) -mini cooper -screenwriting job thank you.
is enjoying re-connecting with colleagues at the resident reunion in Dallas...
was PERFECTLY noctural today. My sleep schedule is the worst it has ever been ever! Ugggggggggg...
its rainy and sun shiny and warm and beautiful =] but...its stopping.. sigh.
is really stupid...
I love when people misinterpret brutally depressing songs. Like Born in the USA, or Happy Birthday.
mad river & uncle Fatty's tnite, Rockit tmrw, Spain next week!!!! :D
just bought her first car, 2006 mazda3 only 15000 miles!!! kinda worrying that somehow somethings just gonna fall off of it, great price for a car that someone oviously never drove.
the snow, the snow! ahh the snow!! oh if only if i were a few years younger... i would spend the day with cups of hot chocolate and pummel my baby brother into the snow!
is so disappointed...why do I always have to be right about these things?
Pa><dol x 2
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS!
Practically 17. =D So excited about Saturday, but not so excited about how much it will cost to hire a PS2 and Singstars.
"Welcome to your new, simplified home page." How the fuck is it simplified? They've just piled all the shit possible onto to page...
is waiting for August 28th at 4:15. Horray for the beginning of the rest of my life!
also just got back from seeing the Chief dance.
is still practically deaf in my right ear after two weeks... getting old, i say. unpleasant.
Ten Movies to Watch Right Now (and some you can Instant Netflix) 1. La Vie En Rose 2. Shrink (if you love LA) 3. Paris Je'taime (if you love Paris) 3. Clay Pidgeons (*PROPNAME* is priceless) 4. Quills 5. Away We Go 6. Sunshine Cleaning 7. A League of Their Own 8. Smart People (I Heart *PROPNAME*'s Page and SJP) 9. Frost//Nixon 10. Doubt
J-E-T-S! JETS! JETS! JETS!
How about thems steelers?
finally *PROPNAME* is asleep im not well at all ):
ENTRÉ!!!!!!!!!! :)....
bought "Season 1" of the old Thundercats cartoon; watching the shit out of this old nostalgic favorite right now. On an unrelated note, I have TONS of homework. Looks like a good combination.
"Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouths speaks". Guard your words at all times. Your mouth can do so much damage to you and those around you. "The tongue is a world of iniquity, set afire of hell."
wishes for more time to do homework... so much reading, so little time.
Raise your hand if you are snowed in AND consuming way too many calories. I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!
re: the completly redone monopoly game's utter potential failure: So far, the Internet echo chamber's biggest criticism focuses on the new version's tight security. It seems that when it comes to Monopoly, *half the fun comes from cheating by stealing from the till when nobody's looking*, a loophole the new version closes with its fancy electronic banking.
is trying to change. Long overdue, I suppose.
“It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.” *PROPNAME*
Hello Taipei
thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air...or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter.
All aboard the U.S.S. Rational Basis.
is in Ottawa. Illinois, not Canada.
tiny fingers...can't type...pinky hurts...too many octaves...Why? Why, genetics, why?
just got back from the market and YES once again i brought candles!
loves her blue water view;) with the swans swimming in it
Back from a Frances!
is off to Laramie for a couple days!
isn't sure what to think about things.
I love the smell of Christmas trees. =]]
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.
loving my new book!!! i recomend "The house of night" series to everyone!!!
Went apple picking during hte weekend with family. But now, I must return to reality and work my ass off on Columbus Day. Yay...
Stuyding for the MPRE!
TOAST n_n *purrs*
"we don't use the term 'insane' ~ we prefer 'mentally hilarious'." ~ family guy
…The photograph should be more interesting or more beautiful than what was photographed... ---*PROPNAME*.
is amused at the universe today. *cracks up*
is longing for the comfort of familiar.
The lady at Panera didn't even have to ask me my name today. It showed up on my receipt - spelled correctly. Maybe I need to hit up Greenberry's for a little bit.
Merry Christmas people!!!
Supervisor: *PROPNAME* (second preference) Research Area: Regional Economic Integration (fifth prefernece) …… 
is off to bed nite all!!!
no really... I'm watching *PROPNAME*.
is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :D
getting organized for the week!
thinks gossips talk so much about other people's lives because they must not be too comfortable with their own.
just told *PROPNAME* died. There was a short pause. "We need a new *PROPNAME*." Nice.
s throat hurts. Please don't let me get sick this close to finals...
head cold and it's raining.... not helping... *sniffle
stupid harry potter movie kept me up till 1:30 in the morning and did not help the fact i had to wake up at 6:30am..... but it was good so i guess it was worth it. :)
Things that are irritating: Microsoft excel.
is hungry.
has a new cell number: (229) 251-4618. Save it now. SAVE IT!
Word of the day: You don't have to settle for anything or anyone in your life. Determine what you don't like, pray hard, work hard, and fix it. Sometimes its just easier to walk away and start over.
is losing his fricking voice.
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need! I am proud of my children.
"Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves." - *PROPNAME*
~ What actress do I look like? :o
has some new Airwalks.
An extremely attractive girl whos flirty personality and curvacious figure will keep you coming back for more. She's typically a brunette but occasionally acts blonde. She enjoys long relationships and has many close guy friends. Often mistaken for a "slut" but really isn't. She can also be a super bitch if you get onto her bad side. "dude, i want to hang out with that girl, shes such an *PROPNAME*" haha
is making singapore curry for dinner with coconut and saltana rice
Has returned from Tesco with Vimto and Blue Curacao!
my cousin keeps beating me at Bejewled Blitz!
is going to bed at 9:30! Yeah!
is actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. No offense mom. U r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.
feels like a bum without legs
Monday a.m. Yoga...*sigh* my life is SO hard ;)
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh go go go go go
read harry potter 7 cover to cover in a day just cuz
Wow, major insomnia attack. Might be a nocturnal weekend.
is 65 degrees 87 percent humidity warm enough to go out tonight in shorts hmm
is beginning her fall semester today... Public International Law, here I come. :)
Absolut Zero: The Freezing Temperature of Vodka.
Remember, remember, the Fifth of November, the Gunpowder Treason and Plot. I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot... But what of the man?
Monsters Inc. is ON!
ONE.
is drawing instead of homeworking. :| This is fun, but not good.
Back home from an evening of "Enlightened Debauchery" and no Walt Whitman in sight. There was this one guy from NY saying something about leaves of grass....
wats better than a cookie?... a GIANT cookie loool mmm yum :)
is smiling
got super tan this weekend...I went from caramel to mocha...
Ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait! :D
FAIL. Instead of writing bspace.edu I wrote facebook.com
Ehh...bite me!
"Please tell me you don't actually own a cloak", "I Own SEVERAL!"
For a large part of the 20th Century, Communism tried to destroy Capitalism. Now in the 21st Century, the Capitalists are showing them how it's done!
Happy Chinese New Year! To all my fellow tigers: Leo who turns 12 this year, and any friends who are turning 24, 36, 48, 60, 72 or more, it's going to be a lucky year for us!
I feel pretty spiffy today--befuddling my dad with random comments, doin' my weird acrobatics and dances, singin' wordless nonsense songs...alot better than medicated zombie Bev (though admittedly alot more absurd, LOL)! Sure spices up the office though haha--as long as I don't careen into the conference table! :D
Can't sleep again.
Lesson planning sucks. . .so I'm procrastinating.
dyed her hair =]
is *PROPNAME* :) <3
I am a lumberjack with a Castro Hat.
I was dreaming of a white christmas, but now am dreaming of sunshine and warm weather :)
is blah blah blah....but... TGIF!!! Happy weekend everyone!!!
"Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torment of man."--Friedrich Nietzsche ---------------------------------------- Yeah, fuck hope. Let's try action! Control what you CAN control. Determination burns within me again.
Sick as shit.
come to uglebo tomorrow 2230-2...
PURPLE PENGUIN!!! ...of death.
my ankle hurts. stupid dishwasher door
is stuck on MEDIUM!!!! :)
has so much to do!
[...well, it may not have been pretty (for the most part), but at least it's OVER!...] goodbye, fall semester '09 ~ you kicked my ass :|
Happy thingy, people...
Volcano Insurance? we've never had a volcano eruption here. Well don't you think we're due for one then? *PROPNAME*.
wants to play beatles rock band or wii resort but can't because keith is watching footloose
is updating her facebook status.
got a plaaaaaace to live and her car will be shiiiiped:) so 99% will be in ithaca on the 6th of Nov and given that that's a friday will parteyyyyy! Who is up for it?!
is on her way up north to face her judgement
It's a lovely day in the neighbo[u]rhood when UCLA win AND the University for Spoiled Children lose :)
How many XC people are ready for the death race tmrw????
Packing up my crap and moving this week. I can't afford cable or internet service so you'll have to text me if you want to talk to me. My phone number is 747-6371 if you didn't already know.
Had a great birthday dinner at Carraba's with family :-)
charlatán, -tana n, mpl -tanes 1 : chatterbox
wants to watch Medium but left it in the car along with my phone *FRUSTRATION*
arni :'(''''oO
just scrubbed the inside of the car. In the dark. With the mosquitoes.
"The King of Pop is dead, long live the, uh..."
the harry potter movies jsut continue 2 disappoint me nd yet i neva learn :P
2 down, 3 to go.
FUCK YEAH! *PROPNAME* 'Ass-raped by *PROPNAME*.
no longer the dish washing bitch
would now like to rename her son *PROPNAME*
is done .. first real summer break in years.
"those left standing will make millions writing books on the way it should have been"
I have at least one crazy child who is back on the football field!!
is with *PROPNAME*!
Why so early? It was expected, but no school already?! Zippadee zoodah, zippadee day...
is more wag, less bark today.
Back
Do I have a celebrity look-a-like?
jacked up my neck somehow. this should be a good night's sleep
you and i, we're just too shy
Wishing the lovely *PROPNAME* a Happy Birthday!
is at work... yay.
is such a Gleek.
heading to the Paign for tomm night... better be ready
It's not premarital sex if no-one will marry you...
i have 8 invites to give out to Google Wave. write your email if your interested in being part of the first to get accounts!
is pondering the contradictions in his fidelity to a jealous mistress.
Strange Quarks are strange.
chuck taylors, combat boots, or vintage prada penny loafers today?
just got back from the zoo. No gray wolves, no girraffes...really not much of anything. :(
today feels like forever!!!
is having fun on mystery google lolz :D
TAX REFUND!
er i Stavanger.
smells justice has been served. What goes around comes around, and it definately came around for you, *PROPNAME*!
And the world might end tonight!
Sweet respite... *snooze*
petted some dolphins today!!
I love *PROPNAME*, I can't believe she died : (
SLEEP...
FUck.... Laptop sleeps retaredely slop whjen i'm wasted.
I now have a master's degree - ABT (all but thesis)!
bye bye San Jose
LOVES *PROPNAME* Day <3 <3 <3
i like fire :3
is sick, but *PROPNAME* being here tonight will make it better.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone~
needs to tie up loose ends...
Conlaw 2 tonight.
is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light...
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
got home at 3... went to bed at 330, got up at 730, went to work at 830, left work at 530, got home at 600, took e nap at 630, woke up at 830... dinner shower and havana;)!
might have contracted the rockin' pneumonia...but I hope I don't get the boogie-woogie flu--it sounds repulsive! By the way, I hate that song. (No, I'm not sick...I'm just a weirdo!)
Its ok its ok its ok you can run and tell yo friends that im on im on im on u can run and tell my city its on!!
Thanks everyone for all the texts etc... Finally feeling human again! I don't think I've ever been so sick. Went out for the first time in 12 days this morning! Talk about cabin fever... Back to work on Wednesday - am even looking forward to it!
finished the rough draft of my explication of The Mill. *PROPNAME* is spectacular!
LMAO ROX!!!
Well...if my interactions and happenings of last night were any indication, 2010 may well be a pretty good year...but we'll see! Happy new year, love y'all! :D
is bloody tired!!! taking *PROPNAME* to the beach tomorrow :) i even brought her a bucket with spades lol
6 more days.... I'm counting down! And bah on all you snow-haters. All I know is I don't have to shovel this year, thanks to my loving hubby. Thank you hubby :)
is trying not to be grumpy.
Sanity is nothing more than an excuse for being boring.
excuse me mother nature, why the hell is it snowing
Damn, U.S. beat Spain? We should be proud
ah crap, mondays always comes too fast,the week should start on tuesdays
AHHHHH, Facebook Fucked up good.
1 to 2 weeks and im back on the road
YAY *PROPNAME* is fast asleep already!!! that's wat happens wen tarnisha puts toys in her cot wen they are supposed to be sleeping!
TALLER TRIPARTITO PRENDAS NUEVAS A LA VENTA.... vestidos, camisas y pantalones! ABIERTO DE 11am - 8pm LUNES - SABADO!
My net sucks big, hairy, red man-balls. ARGH!
[The "liberal media"] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.-Chomsky
ap us ppl, i just found an interesting part of the textbook website that might b beneficial to us when it comes to the tests and RAs
Lazy Sunday.
Who is up to going to Washington DC for Lord of the Dance in APril?>
*PROPNAME* always takes too long to get here in the morning. blahhhhhhhhhhh
soy feliz :D
Those who died are justified, for wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites. You justify those that died by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
found out that Jolly Pirate Donuts near her house in WV was the one shown on that Smoking Gun episode! Awesome! ^^
it's freaking snowing,lol
is happy cause *PROPNAME* called her::):)
enjoyed her Wednesday night.
feels tomorrow will be a busy and very nice day. :)
had to laugh when the doctor was cutting off her Thai good luck bracelets in order to put on a cast.
I went sailing today with the Fergies and Rich Pearsall. I polluted the Pacific a little more that it was alreaddy ;(
*sneeze, cough, snort* Blech! Trying that Airborne shit TONIGHT! At least I'm getting the screechy car fixed today. Now if I could only find gloves that match eachother...*wearing one black leather glove and one knit blue striped glove*
Black
& *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dance on Donkey Sancturies.
why yes I do lipsynch to the Soweto Gospel Choir in Zulu
is headin to bed in a min, im so tired tonight! wonder what tomorrow brings :)
go figure, trying to upload a pic and facebook won't work properly
"*PROPNAME* could never have Superman's baby. Do you think her fallopian tubes could handle the sperm? I guarantee he blows a load like a shotgun right through her back...The only way he could bang regular chicks is with a kryptonite condom...but that would kill him!"
rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.
is a happy camper because i got the tokio hotel c.d. =]]
Lame Canada! Sorry neighbors to the north, but after China’s opening Olympic ceremony 2 years ago, that was just weak. Even *PROPNAME* can’t show up 10,000 in sync drumming Chinamen. Glad the U.S. didn’t get the bid for 2010 lol.
is lovin it! All I have to do is sit back, enjoy the ride, let the good times roll and my destiny is HERE. Yep, pretty much! :-)
People should not encourage me to drink until 4 o'clock in the morning :(
HOUSE! HOUSE EVERYONE, HOUSE!
Only a Ginger... can call another Ginger, Ginger!!
is going back to Tennessee.
[. . . dammit! just remembered that i still have stuff to finish for work . . . & how did it get to be 2am?? . . .]
"Self-observation brings man to the realization of the necessity of self-change. And in observing himself a man notices that self-observation itself brings about certain changes in his inner processes. He begins to understand that self-observation is an instrument of self-change, a means of awakening.” ---alguien
awesome party. and yes, it exceeded my expectations. ;D
finished Still Life With Woodpecker. Weird book!!
yesssss, josh groban has a solo in the new "we are the world recording".....
sick =\
Yay, finally got my computer set up at my house so I can actually USE the internet I'm already paying for!
tired as hell, 12 hr shift on a day off is simply nutz
is excited about making a chocolate mousse torte. :)
My first English department meeting; I was expecting fisticuffs
Must be a quarter life crisis.
eating seaweed.... wow.. thanks berkeley... what have you done to me
"Wait, people weren’t the first mammals?" *pauses* "Oh, no, of course. The dinosaurs were here before us!"
hopes the geo-pol forum-based game doesn't get him perma-banned from Japan.
going to be another long and boring week. So glad i don't have to go anywhere for a few months after this weekend.
had a great night
is watching SNL =D
is excited about this weekend! Fun, yay!
How i got my share of adrenalin this morning? :) so... im driving home from a long night;) today at 10am... and there is a cop waiting to give out tickets cause its the end of the month... and stops me for a broken tail light BUT i am driving w//o insurance and w expired inspection sticker by 5 months... hihihi :) well end of story :) NO TICKET:) just a warning ...
is missing her matthew...
Thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx
is looking forward to Bridge on the 25th :)
Feelin' pretty lousy today...basically zombie-ing through work, and not in the fun way. I feel like part of my brain is missing and has been replaced by canned air. Bleah...Monday is definitely my least favorite day!
me myself and i!
I feel emptied out; please rain down on me...darkness and light, come fill me up.
nutella on a spoon tastes gud especially at 1 in da mornin :P
can't believe the new semester is starting so soon...
freezing my freakin ass off. don't want to get out of bed for anything today :(
it's too close - we're not used to playing in the cold
I <3 *PROPNAME*!
is going to the HOPE game night.
is coming back
Excited about seeing the Nutcracker tomorrow :)
waiting for my new phone to come in this week. =]] sooo excited
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh..!
Okay, songs for bass//low baritone and orchestra: Songs and Dances of Death The Vagabond Le Bal Masque Old American Songs Ich Habe Genug The Ravel and Ibert Don Quixote cycles then all those Mozart concert arias what else?
is relaxing in the BAHAMAS :) ?
made eggrolls the right way.
i got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooo
The Headline Reads "The Defendant Hangs But The Jury Doesn't"
"For a moment I love everything I see and think and feel..."
is believing the best in others, because the Dove candy wrapper says so, betch!
*PROPNAME* can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Has just cooked Some lovely Chicken
TRAGEDY!!!!!!!!!!! haha shame laura ive claimed in frnt of evry1!!!!
montevideo es lo MAS!
Life is like a Grapefruit. It's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half of one for breakfast.
just stepped foot in philly, unpackin... get at me if you're in town 336-906-0860
What I didn't want: more characters on Heroes.
Why do you insist that the human genetic code is "sacred" or "taboo"? It is a chemical process and nothing more. For that matter -we- are chemical processes and nothing more. If you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality, you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself. Chairman *PROPNAME*, "Looking God in the Eye"
PPPPPPoker face PPPoker face
off off off with your head,,dance dance dance til youre dead
"We're supposed to call it H1N1." "I refuse to back down to pig farmers. Not today, not ever."
and so it goes...
I really REALLY REALLY want to be a Star Fleet officer. I have since I was 5 and I still do.
is still patiently waiting for 9
insecureorama
últimos días en buenos aires..... jardínes, warhol, cuero, y más carne!
Hold thy piece, thou knave...
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
The bridge is over?
Rule of the Great: When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch.
fjuck
"chivalry has not timeline" - *PROPNAME* (haha what?!)
has been too busy living life to spend much time on facebook this week--just the way I like it! :D
has an Autobot lunchbox, and can therefore die happy now. :) In other news, she has also spent the last three hours on an off reading a webcomic that started in 1999.
Why is there always a "gunman" on USF campus. . .didn't have to worry about that crap in Gainesville!
my sketch is getting done and im off to get my first tatt next monday wooo hoo
is excited about her first day at her NEW JOB as a college graduate! This is gonna be a FABULOUS DAY! This is the day that the LORD hath made, let us REJOICE and be glad in it!
Dear Santa, next year I just want a smaller ass.
"Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up." XD
in kimmel jamming, drinking free coffee, and writing 3 essays before 10 am tomorrow! gonna die from brain overload.
is sermonizing in hopes of being transfigured in the process...
got more film developed. and there are a lot of you in it. be very afraid
Streeterville? Wrigleyville? Printer's Row? What is this
Free Shelves!!!!!
What have you got against baboons in Mime?
[...]
Finished Steppenwolf. Not for everybody.
is tired.
*PROPNAME* made it up to me today... after I waited for her for a half hour past our appointment time. Sheesh. But *PROPNAME* was awesome enough to let me have some hot chocolate :)
is quite liking girls aloud
enjoyed lunch today.
TRE UKER TIL OSLO.
doesn't want to finish his paper for class...grrrr.
anyone doing the ap us history study guide for tomorrow? if u noticed it the multiple choice questions arent where they usually are after the LO's. they're near the bottom of the list
and ash have been outside cleaning the yard and making a rabbit hut for amber :)
cant sleep...gonna write some more of my book!!!
just finished the CSET. didn't think it was that hard, which either means I bombed it or I nailed it. We shall see...now I am napping :-)
"Some of the shows on MTV are not my cup of tea...mainly because I don't like huge pieces of shit in my tea!"
It's pretty amazing how many hours are required to organize a presentation that is going to last no more than twenty minutes. This would be so much simpler if I could just call Haydn as a witness.
You know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in...
Dear car battery: Why are you dead again? What am I going to do with you?? (No, really--what am I supposed to do with it?) You make me sad. ://
*PROPNAME* is Psychic, the Scurvy Curve!
There must ALWAYS be a Clown!
lol @ "Never Mind The Buttsecks"
is out for the count
totally saw a guy with a neck brace looks both ways before crossing the street today. hahaa made my day for a bit
check your time boy, check your time
Is a Sad Panda since is wet, tired and cold from jogging from the union to hawthorns in the rain =(
playitaaaa...!!! video week
yay for chocolate ice cream!!!!!!
it has been a very interesting day so far.....havin a ball!!!!! poor sandy nearly got hit by lightening
is having pepper steak with baby honey carrots, steamed zuccini, brocolini, eggplant and baby potato's with red wine gravy soooo gooood!!!
Merry Christams to all my friends on facebook :)
"Hardcore Dancing" - It looks like epileptic kids trying to swim.
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you. 1:Crazy. 2:I'd Marry You. 3:Talkative. 4:Sarcastic. 5:Lovable. 6:Clubhead. 7:Moody. 8:Dumb. 9: Spoiled. 10:Mouthy. 11:Random. 12:Hot. 13:Funny. 14:Fit. 15:Amazing. 16:Tough. 17:Cute. 18:Bf//Gf Type. 19:Player. 20:The Best. 21:Freak. 22:Quiet. 23:Sexy. 24: Adorable
cant sleep and looking for some inspiration but yet im so tired, i need to finish this chapter! im gonna regret this later today!
5//6//2010 - Springfield, MA $55 - Lord of the Dance, who wants to go? (send me a msgs and lets go together)
just planned the perfect field trip. ^^
Yesterday I discovered that it's almost impossible to tell the difference between a very heavy Scouse accent... ...and French
off to gaslight for brunch then south end open studios to be artsy fartsy...........actually more artsy less fartsy.
I HAVE TOES!!!!
mmmm. . . cannibalism day in my dead ppl class :)
Inside Edition has hit an all time low. Lead story: Will the crisis in Haiti affect the Golden Globe Awards?
is going to law school. see y'all in three years.
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe. If you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal. Olny 55% of plepoe can
NY is the BEST!
You can't rub a pig on a Cheese grater, That's Dangerous.
Every time I log in to something and I see one of those checkboxes next to the words "Remember Me," I can't help but think - ever so briefly - "but ahhhhh, for-r-ge-et my faaate."
~ Chemistryy is soo hardd!
Getting ready for the fun! Escapada espiritual al corazón del oráculo... Riviera Maya! Meus somnierum!
What sad news for the Gator nation today, the resignation of Urban Meyer. Our prayers will be with Coach Meyer and his family.
so happy! dum duh duh DA dadadada dm dm dm dm
Not yet - going to movies tonight...
is savoring vanilla gelato garnished with fresh raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, & strawberries...
out of my mind with fustration and fatigue. Oh, the life of a college student!
Cody's car is GHEY.
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!
insomnia... :-
is listening to my dog, my husband, and my baby snore...simultaneously. I AM SURROUNDED!!!
feels rather sickly... ://
Ugh, nevermind. Got stuck and had to backtrack. Might as well do all the side quests while I'm at it. Maybe I'll finish by freaking Friday...
finished Pride & Prejudice & Zombies instead of watching Ghost in the Shell. I'm classy. Also, a giant geek. :)
misses Ash heaps xoxo
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it."
one minute at a time
Curvy Lip Spike be Funnnn!
Today is my 2 month birthday!
excited for the winter olympics!
Misfits = Guuuuurd.
passed all 3 subtests of the CSET in one go, and I never even did a practice test. I AM AWESOME.
is giving thanks for *PROPNAME*'s life and friendship and can't believe she would have been 27 today...
The best way to describe *PROPNAME* is as an IRL troll.
It is so true - your hair always looks great the day before you have a hair appointment. However, as soon as I step out in this humidity, I will be jolted back to reality.
Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone, who is a Wanker!.) Wankers affect the lives of many. There is still no known cure for these a_____s!!! But we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this, will YOU make this your status for at least one hour. :D
facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!
i dont wanna go to school. ahhhhhhh
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” *PROPNAME*
is wondering whats happening for the weekend
Just had a 20-minute conversation w// my dad about midget porn. Sometimes he ain't half bad, lol...
is going on a road trip to CO! wish me luck
well that didn't work
Today's stream of consciousness: Hooray for comic books, poetry and nerds in general...forgot my phone at home today, blargh (couldn't reach me, that's why)...swamped at work...pretzels suck...missing NOLA (especially the Quarter) alot today for some reason..."the holidays" are annoying me already...Wikipedia is addictive...so is Facebook, gods help me...!
Help me!!!! The H Spanish 3 HW is too hard my article is in spanish and i have to summarize it in spanish
thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.
i get my new bedroom setting on monday YAY!
Class of 40 kids. . .3 showed up. .because it rained. That would never fly in Florida!
someone just said to me "this font reminds me of you"
So very frustrated...& kinda sad. And so fucking sleepy...god DAMN these meds, I'm sleeping my life away.
trying to optimize windows vista - all suggestions welcome!
why yes I am listening to the Backstreet Boys' new CD and cooking fudge. .... soon, I'll get a cat.
my hair is turning black!!!
is looking forward to *PROPNAME* tonight.
Am engaged in battle with the Plague-beasts of Atlanta. *sneeze* Vitamins make good ammo in such altercations!
bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :D
Well, that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life. Same time next year, I hope.
is nearly in 40th awake hour.
thought everyone might like to know he was voted biggest nerd out of all the ChEs...
plan to give away money!!!!
tengo dem problemas...
is officially certified to teach English abroad! Now, to find a job. . .
was all prepared to do her weekend homeowrk the morning it was due, but realized she left the necessary binder at school. FFFFFFFFFFFFF-
"Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let *PROPNAME* be! and all was light!" - *PROPNAME*
is fricken hot!!!
and *PROPNAME* wants to go to the Beach!!!
high on Scarlatti and Chopin.
Kaunist sõbrapäeva kõigile! :)
is quite close to not being an illegal alien in Norway anymore.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.” Tolkein (lord of the rings)
just stay true to you!
MOTHERFUCKING CHRISTMAS!
2010-wise, so far, so good! Feeling pretty bloody fantastic compared to my emotional state of the last few months. I've even been somewhat productive recently. However, I am going home now; my desk chair has made my ass numb! (How does one wake up a sleeping ass, haha? I'll probably be sorry I asked...)
never thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficult
We will miss the Moos-Rubins, but we're looking forward to another great evening at the Bowl.
is listening to Relient K and thinking about plants, lawyers, and internships.
I hope it snows enough to go sledding...who wants to go sledding with me!?!
I'm ecstatic! I just spoke briefly with *PROPNAME*'s lawyer. Based on some "case files" I emailed her, we have enough evidence to prove CPS's removal of the kids was illegal and grounds for an emergency hearing. We believe we have enough evidence to cost both CPS and Humble PD their "qualified immunity", allowing us to file a civil suit against them and the apartments. ANYONE KNOW A GOOD CIVIL ATTORNEY???
After the competition, went to the zoo. THE ZOO. Talked to THE ANIMALS. "Oh my God, look at you! You are tiny! HAHA you are a FROG! Oh wow high five frog."
Supernatural was KICK ASS yesterday night!
robot chicken!
wishing it were Friday.
is really craving some bbq! :-( I love my family but something's gonna have to change....
*PROPNAME* make things work
is Wondering if T-Rexes could Juggles?
is sore and wants the knot of muscles at the base of her neck to stop hurting. On the other hand, YAY I'M IN ILLINOIS! <3
I have to find the superhero I use to be. I can't bring myself to believe it was just the Love of a silly boy that did it.
Oscilando entre la infinidad de la mente y la infinidad del sueño...
qatapponescons!!!!!!!!
saw mamma mia for the first time today. i like it =]]
need to find a house in melb want to move b4 christmas!
I love Mondays.... can every one grasp the sarcasm in that statement. I hope so.
really loves the Fall
It's raining, it's pouring...and I just flat ironed my hair. Bleh.
excited for my mom to get home tomorrow!! =]]
Can someone plz explain exactly what we're supposed to do for the Honors//AP Spanish 3 HW?
Starting from chapter one and going from there. Thank you *PROPNAME*!
pac 10 football . . . what the hell are you guys doing this season?
maybe a kitty would be a good christmas gift for *PROPNAME*....
Went and got the last of my stuff out of my...car...(read: twisted metal heap with fuzzy seats) this morning. It was kind of sad...I apologized to Car (yeah, that's its name dammit, shut up) for smushing it, and hugged it goodbye, and then took the title to my mechanic so it can be junked. Thusly, the day started in kind of a somber mood. If only I could locate a sufficient replacement, though...
HONORS//AP SPANISH 3 PPL: i desperately need t oknow whether we had hw or not
just watched an episode of locked up abroad... dont take your freedom for granted people... its a blessing...
motherfucking norwegian bureaucratic bullshit. yet again.
Fucking CARBON MONOXIDE alarm's going off repeatedly again tonight! Opened the windows & garage doors; I have nowhere else I can go & I need sleep, so I'm gonna hafta just hope the ventilation is enough cos I don't know what else to do. Hope I don't end up in the hospital over this shit--I'm sick of the damn hospital! (Well...bein' dead would [debatably] suck too. But I wouldn't be self-aware to know about it, lol.)
cant wait to see new moon & 2012 im counting down the days hahaha
happy for maddie =]]
there's a Sonic in Massachusetts!!!
anyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :)
Damn close game on Monday. My Dolphins almost pulled it off!
I don’t wanna bike or fishing pole, I just wanna submarine. I’m gonna keep it in a swimming pool, Gonna keep it nice and clean. I don’t want a fucking pogo stick, I just wanna submarine. Fucking pedal car can suck my dick, Where’s my fucking submarine?
Question: How does one get 8th graders to shut the ____up?! *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? I know you know - I'm exhausted.
is missing *PROPNAME* (and *PROPNAME*)
Thanks for all the Birthday and Christmas Wishes! I really appreciate it!
just got drunk with the Germans in his suite. Maybe there's something to grad dorms after all.
going out to dinner :)
michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.
freakin. Loves. Photoshop. Now if only I could find some classes...
It's moments like this that I wish I worked for Walmart. I hate rape. I'm no good at counseling "victims". Especially when it's a parental perpetrator. Why is this the way of the world ? Why is it reality ?
if youre going to rcc log on to webadvisor and make sure you didnt get dropped from any of your classes. over 3,000 students got dropped from not paying.
why is it that whenever there is a pig butchered in Europe there are always drinks and snacks? - *PROPNAME*
Loves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. Lesportsac purses and DVD overload.
12 days and counting... . oh and Surrogates sucked! Save your money unless your want to see a crappy version of I Robot.
tonight is going to b so much fun! I cant wait to scare the living daylights out of some trick-or-treaters!
Anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?
its fun 2 lock younger siblings outside wen it cold nd dark... especially wen dey bein anoyin
watching the forgotten . . . i already know i'm going to be pissed off at the end
thinks pipe tobacco is way better than cigarettes.
Why are the people I want to talk to never online when I am?
MEHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHURRRRRGHHHHHHHH.....
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
hates the business that is the United States' healthcare system
S.T.E.E.L.E.R.S.
according to Japanese scientists.. humans glow!! i KNEW it!! :)
F'ing RI and its ppl
has a new baby sister! Little Baby No-Name!
back in norway, having successfully avoided being sold into sex slavery.
hopes they schedule her C-Section at her doctor's appointment on Wednesday.
28 U.S.C. §76: No Excuses, Play Like a Champion.
is not pleased with the 9th inning of the Rockies//Cardinals game...
anyone wanna pay me to hang out, play video games, maybe write a screenplay, and be sarcastic? cause that would be awesome :)
Mi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! Necesito que practicar mi espanol.
is drowsy still... at least I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night... a rarity these days.
is in love with her new black peacoat. Who else is pumped it's fall?
what a great night - *PROPNAME*'s Cantina is def. the place to be.
is looking forward to early January. Not the birthday per se, but the potential to meet a good friend. :)
is seventeen. :P.
mMmMm!!!!! wheatens taste goOd!!!!!! :P
needs to suck it up.
Meh. Humans are a fickle species.
just lost an hour to scramble when he should have been packing. How are people getting such high scores? Ahhhh
has discovered that is an AWFUL idea to sleep on her back.
Writing, then 2 chapters homework, then bed. Or just Loveline ?
just set up network printing even though everyone said it was impossible. HA!
My mind feels like a murder-suicide. I hate this life so much it hurts...and it hurts so much I've been rendered numb.
Apparently applied to law school at Depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...
***Attention-Houston area ANIMAL LOVERS! Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. Please re-post.***
awoke to an email stating: "Starting in 2010, the US Department of Education will be requiring significant changes in the way educational institutions collect and report race//ethnicity data. Accordingly, on July 19, 2009, LSAC changed the race//ethnicity d
needs something witty to put as her status.
I was right. Glee has ruined Don't Stop Believin'.
laptop finally came, woop. its purple. its lovely.
is so glad that the fire alarm will save us from excess water vapor. . . from the dryer. grrr.
beat her sister in an arm wrestle. :D
Just uploaded photos. Wow, that ball was fun...
is going to art class.
"Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is GOD that justifieth...For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Have a blessed day!
Happy New Year!!!:)p
is writing essays.
WoWo Rage is Number 1 xD
*PROPNAME*. ;)
thinks it would be quite amusing to see *PROPNAME* get Number 1 with the original version of The Climb.
had an awesome 4th.
You can't always get what you want. But if you try, sometimes you'll find what you need. -Rolling Stones
Wow. Thanks for all the birthday greetings! 'twas a good day...and giving God thanks for all of you...
wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. Tonight I visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!
en montevideo donde rodri que es un amor.... a ver a dani y ern.... con los umpis :)
going to the in-laws for dinner then home for the evening.
feels pretty confident about the Chemistry test tomorrow.
*PROPNAME* was bad enough, but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory. The Norwegian Nobel Committee just lost its credibility--forever.
What flavour do your chihuahuas come in?
My, how the randomness abounds!...but I need some sleep.
the Ugly Truth was fantastic!
isn't gonna fool with facebook applications, but does check facebook briefly every day now, for what it's worth...
if u are a xavier student who has barely or hasn't started the social analysis paper: we should go tell mr. gilbert that there is no way we can pull off 7 pgs by Tue. and if you are in the same situation that i am where you've found all of the info that u can about ur topic and haven't hit 7 pgs, we should tell him that 7pgs is OVERKILL!
is in Pennsylvania. :P
Wow been a tiring and painful day. Gonna set up a movie and try to relax. Love to all of my beautiful friends and family for the support and awesomeness of who they are. And a high five to my Surgeon who is THE man and gives me hope of having a less painful life. <3 you all. You make me happy, yes YOU.
just made the best citrus cous cous salad for tea with pumpkin and potato croquettes yumm
is watching Iron Jawed Angels.
really wants a kinky for govenor 2010 poster
loving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friends
to do: raise lambs in the Alps and, in turn, become a german shepherd.
is open to requests.
Nordea DEATH.
Celebrating 1 year...
anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... opps
just finished my house duties now going to have a cuppa and chill back with my little girl
actually excited to go workout!
is wondering why people think I'm going to put up with their foolishness. My silence IS NOT ignorance. YES, my price tag is HIGH, but the rewards FAR EXCEED THE COSTand those who matter will put in the work. The only treasure valued is the treasure worked for.
went to a bridal expo this weekend with *PROPNAME*. We are so damn giddy about getting married. Being sick has never been so good. ;)
Guess I might start using Facebook more then...So much info to port over.
wonders which is more inappropriate; heckling during a Presidential address to Congress or the President himself calling a private citizen a "jackass".
just can't get into the Monay state of mind.
fullllll tooo bindassssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't remember the name of that agility school in WV and can't find it on the Internet! Anyone else remember? Dad or MJ?
thinks tomorrow with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* ? and *PROPNAME* is gunna be jokes at Dancin Dragon ;)
is not doing the chores that need doing. -_-
My party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx
kitty thinks my leg is fun to climb up. ow. But it's hard to be mad when the purpose of the climb is to snuggle with me :)
has to build her facebook app...
I'ma gonna watch you break it down and dance.
LOVED Transformers! So cool!!
Who 'dat!
just got back to the hotel for dinner then hitting the gym,pool & spa!!!
Going to the premier of Harry Potter with me awesome cousins in the city! Yay! sry daniel.....
pintando ojos...
Basement mostly cleared out, stew on the stove, dishes done... Now for the ache in my back and hands to disappear, and I'll be sittin' pretty.
is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!
is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though
if you know someone who has or had cancer! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE! ? Put this on your status
took my placement test today! i ddi better than i expected.
SCHOOL'S CLOSED BIATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is excited about seeing *PROPNAME* tonight and going on the boat cruise!
went to bed early, slept in, and still feels like she hasn'tgotten a proper night's sleep.
Fear My Mighty Pigeon Army!!!!
Going to *PROPNAME* to take down the LA bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!
trying to do math hw but is distracted with other things like the shiny button on my sweater.... Shiny, i like shiny!
is in love with *PROPNAME*.
Perseids tonight!...though accompanied with a bright moon. =\ Still excited! =]
*PROPNAME* is excited about Epiphany...her second favorite Liturgical Season!
wants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?
can officially play The Eagles, Please Come Home for Christmas, without feeling off-season. I love that song! Happy holidays everyone :-)
this is the last Sunday I have to work. Yess! Weekend getaways here I come...I'm thinking LA...
is relaxing...
3rd grade classroom on day b4 Halloween = craziness.
is not ready for Monday.
Mom woke me up today at noon; I was a little peeved. Stayed in bed for about ten minutes and went: Oh shit, it's Christmas isn't it. Completely forgot.
probably failed another midterm.
WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! (She says as she continues to be nerdy on her couch. :P) Veggin' can be good when you're having sillyfuntime! :D ...Takin' a vote though: after cartoons, shall I play arcadey fighters, RPGs, or go old-school? Narrowed it down that far, but...so hard to choose hehe!
Everyone should listen to Funhouse...best record I've heard in a long time!
Date Night! Woo Hoo!!!!!!!!!
amando el clima! happenstance
Hm...started the day out feeling ok, but now I feel like three-week-old leftovers molding in the back of a broken fridge in Hell...yes, a Hell-fridge. Guess work doesn't agree with me!
All MY amplifiers go to 12!!!
detox water fast
WHAT? WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME THAT ZOMBIELAND WAS FILMED AT WILD ADVENTURES?! So those guys trying to recruit LHS students for a "big movie making fun of zombie movies filmed near WA and in the woods" were actually legit! OMG I have to go see it! Also, all you people in Valdosta fail for not telling me about it! ;)
is blowing magnificent spit bubbles.
There's a flying hooker watching you hug! Go away hooker...
is once again wishing for a gardener and a maid.
says hi.
just watched Der Rosenkavalier for the first time OH MY GOD
is awake and packing.. ;__;
is wearing and listening to less than jake =] =]
WEEKEND. I LOVE YOU.
got a new phone for christmas
http:////ca.news.yahoo.com//s//capress//091008//world//eu_nobel_literature
Tommorrow, I turn 21. I'm super excited. And I can't wait for 4 pm to roll around..... Mercer, here I come!
Merry Christmas everyone!
Just passed a Mensa practice exam. Did a litlte worse than I should have, due to having misunderstood 2 or 3 questions, and one seemed like a trick. I feel pretty smart right now nonetheless.
Does it count as a new years resolutiion to resolve to watch every episode of a TV series?
needs paper filters
recieved The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test in the mail today =D
drew a bluebird and is now drawing a seagull.
Real women are not perfect, Perfect women are not Real!!!
I <3 Law School.
jacked up my neck again. and my finger. and my hand. and my shoulder. and elbow. and knee. and my calf. i'm kind of awesome
Getting ready for NYC
intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.
has tea!!!!!
Damn You Oliet.
Sand is overrated. It's just tiny, little rocks....
Why do I insist on eating popsicles in winter? OM NOM NOM
is sick in bed. Coughing like and old hag and looking decidedly ropey : (
is helping her husband start his facebook account. Oh no.
Finals.
at Great America with over 100 kids......the madness?!?!??!
QTD: "'Flower' usually refers to a vulva in general, not virginity or 'cherry popping' as the kids would say." Hahahaha
i want a pygmy marmoset
~[no response IS a response... & as far as i'm concerned, it's the very worst one you could give someone...*sigh* oh well tho]~
this week is gonna be sooo much funn =]]
life is looking up
Nude.
"This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time."
“Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. Ask questions, then feel the answer. Learn to trust your heart.”
cardio//weights workout followed by yoga class. Feeling motivated today! Getting stuff DONE!
I have no water right now. WHY
My hat is off for the Colts.
Sue: ok but change your pic on fb, it sucks <--- (my mother on facebook chat) you know you look like shit when your own mother calls you out on it! lol
Speech is my hammer
"I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer." ~ *PROPNAME* XD
Does anyone have a stud finder and a drill I can borrow?
Go Gators! 8 and 0.... Now, lets see if the Vols help us clench the SEC east :) oh, and HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!
Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of congress. But I repeat myself.
My first thought was "wow, everybody is having birthdays at once...what a coincidence!" Then I remembered all of those profiles we made for Threepenny...
just discovered our dog barks at thunder!
10 hour workday? boo.
No soporto al artista cuya principal motivación sea la provocación. Creo que los grandes provocadores lo son sin proponérselo... -Pedro Almodovar
doing nerdy stuff in my room...reading Gentry magazine, organizing//cleaning things...TGISaturday ?
is cramming on homework...
less than 24 hours and i will be free (academically) from grading landscapes, swales, sidewalks with pitches, slope, topography models, and designing cemetery sections....good bye site engineering...i won't miss you.
is going to go on a 1000 mile trip to Iowa City tomorrow and Friday. This is going to be a long drive.
be excellent to each other!
Re-conditioning my hands back into top gaming form--I used to be able to go all day (or for days) without a break (even to eat or go to the bathroom, lol...toldja I was obsessed!); currently my thumbs start to hurt after about 4 hours. That's what I get for being outta practice, bah!
had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :P
Celebrated the New Year in true Oakland style, hearing automatic gunfire seconds after midnight
is losing his fricken voice.
is wishing his Kitty a happy (and momentous) two-month anniversary.
haha really? a safety for the win? Go Heels!
jest ca?kowicie zakochana.
Already sleepy time again... I blame lunch from Bread Store.
In contemplation mode...
After a slight rebuild... Betsy 2.0 lives to surf the net again!!
You're wicked overseer
is determined to be strong.
oh god... baby next door wont stop crying grrrr!!
is sitting in her clean house anticipating the arrival of the youth group...home made ice cream and frolicking in Wash Park...perfect summer evening.
3rd interview: Columbia, 24-27 Feb
has had an interesting start to saturday
@ dance class ?
oh well, it doesnt want to work with me, ill post it some other time. guess its back to watching hockey on tv and maybe find something to do later on.
So I got tired of learning about the law in the abstract and decided that I'd go ahead and have a cop issue me with a citation for a court appearance. Yay... Field Trip!
is in Weinstein! holla! XD
Smile :)
is frankly at a loss as far as her current internal project.
Is converting to pastafarianism. Worship his noodleyness!
I hate homeworks on holidays, especially when i have a little time to finish a lottt of it :(
I wish everytime a camera circled around my chair a month went by. (See New Moon and You understand)
language arts center @ Oak Knoll, lunch with Mom, GYM time, then I'm watching all the shows I DVRd this week. Yay Friday :-)
why do ppl bitch all the time!!!!!!!
is making the coolest bracelet ever.
: my head is killing me:(
So much for no accumulation... :-)
want to invest in a pool hmmmm hate public pools yuk
just bought his Hadouken! tickets :) anyone else goin?
Memory~ All alone in the moonlight~ I can smile at the old days... When the dawn comes Tonight will be a memory too~ And a new day will begin
ugh... i hate this. Why is sleep such an issue when you're pregnant?
Hoping this insane wind doesn't blow me away to Oz...those Munchkins might've gone feral by now. *shudder*
just realized it's a lot easier to breathe when you don't live in the grass-seed capital of the world.
can't believe he's in law school right now and therefore actually a poor college student once again, yipee
ah crap!! back to hell tonight!
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge. -*PROPNAME*
YRARBIL
Res Ipsa Loquitur, sed quid in infernos dicet?
Hopin' I'll sleep tonight! Went from one extreme to the other--sleeping all the time to not sleeping at all. What an unpleasant adventure this is being!
rarely ever gets sick. Hopefully this will pass quickly.
finally using facebook n_n feels strange.
Always Look on the Bright Side of Life...
is a bad person
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
MOMA al fin... union square and such...shoe shopping...
hates facebook, the internet, and her monitor.
has great friends
just filled out a survey to get monthly email coupons for ProPlan at Complete Petmart! Awesome! ^^
thinks maybe that trying to upload a 9.8 meg photo to crappy facebook isn't such a good idea...
"On the sixth day, God created man. On the seventh day, man returned the favor."
did someone already tell me the difference between news feed and live feed? Sorry, I wasn't listening
can't sleep. Remedies?
“Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.”
is thinking of doing BOTH Stairmaster//booty exercises AND Tricked Out Pole class tonight. Workout obsessed!!
needs another project. needs more chain.
...my heart hurts.
is half way through her weekend conference ;)
Passed the PRAXIS
finally almost done in the vcpa! 54hrs since wednesday is enough!
Grrrrrr. WHY am I ridiculously, awkward-moment-inducingly shy sometimes?
I highly reccommend *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME* rules.
wants to be able to put the wild things commercials on her ipod to watch allthetime =]
http:////notalwaysright.com//when-mood-swings-attack-part-2//522 Last line especially Funny.
I am going to call my kids Ctrl, Alt and Delete. Then if they mess up I will just hit them all at once.
*PROPNAME* was ejected from the New York State Senate, which is good, because he slashed his girlfriend with a knife.
Selling Nikon D60 Digital SLR Camera - Black with lense (AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f//3.5-5.6G VR) for £330 contact if intrested.
Ugh...headache and some amount of nervousness. Resurrection tomorrow night though, yay! Night all...
Yeah VIKINGS are the best...
has a functioning proto-website in just 3 hours (less if I hadn't forgotten everything about CSS & Wordpress)! Yay!
passed all three of his entrance exams for theory and history yessss
doing good with soc. final so far =]]
is highly amused. The comparisons between *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, as well as claims of her narcissism, are a classic case of psychological projection. (*PROPNAME*, really? Just how frightened are they of this woman?) The MSM are actually referring to no
Very disappointed that the NY legislature voted against legalizing gay marriage.
The only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (See *PROPNAME*)
"Grave digger, when you dig my grave, could you make it shallow, so I can feel the rain."
Black.
whom that i know and have not seen in agesss lives in NY city???? flying in this coming saturday and shall be staying for a week!! :)
Okay. Maybe not sleep.
Houston, the fourth largest city in the U.S., has elected its first openly gay mayor *PROPNAME* :)
is going to Chicago for a couple of hours and then to Crivitz! :D
editing blows
Gah, head's pounding. I wish I wasn't in so much pain. It makes the pills that much more tempting...
Well, Reedsburg certainly has an interesting way of plowing the streets..... 2 more days.
Only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?
is sick and tired of marketing.
is stoked that *PROPNAME*'s off the river and back in cell phone range!
Im so happy for the Saints!!! Now time to sober up and look forward to the Olympics
got into Jazz Band. Rehearsal is at 2:30. Have to bus home to get my horn. So much for getting work done today.
found a bunny, bunny died, buried bunny, now is drawing.
"divine apathy, disease of my youth, watch that you don't catch it" "it says son, time is all.... the luck you need."
is celebrating six months months together with my beautiful bride.
snorkling is my workout for this week!
is fucking Ill.
Refrigerator: "Drrrrrr" Lights: "Flicker..."
Seems to be attracting incompetence today...
Dear facebook: Please make me happy and allow me to use your application at least on the holidays... when i actually have the desire to: in other words -> FIX YOUR PLUGINS!
is still recovering from shock after seeing my 7th grade science teacher at a certain bar
Hay veces en las que simplemente quisiera olvidarme de todo y refugiarme en la profundidad de mi mente...
muy infeliz
Facebook me marea. Me hates it long time T-T
s mom can't find a cheap orange Jansport backpack online because *PROPNAME* used one in Twilight, so everyone's paying top-dollar for them. Hilarious. :D
a little irked that *PROPNAME* won, but her collection really was gorgeous
"Hakuna Matata" is Swahili!
excited...my show is on in 30. RHWNJ reunion, part 1!! ?
cnt sleep
is thinking that some people, once gone, need not EVER come back into your life...EVER.
HOY ArTCitY TOUR pasa por CasaTripartito, nuevas prendas Tripartito+performance por la PieldeNaranjayLaQuince + EXPO CARLOS DE PAZ celebrando 15 años de unión con *PROPNAME* Galería.... Cierre en el Bar Steinvorth!
can't sit on her futon because she knows as soon as she does she'll lie down and pass out. Uncomfortable rolly desk chair it is. :(
wishes he had an actual bed (or even a mattress). It'd make dealing with these suspiciously-flu-like symptoms easier.
o be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. ~e.e. cummings
s back does not like to tan (or sunburn) evenly! My back is splotchy again, and this time I didn't even use sunscreen! >:(
has a very good feeling about where things are going. =]]
is gonna get Zumba certified
We have growth, but at the price of future jobs--all the while paying five times as much for the same car we would've bought later. What else can be done to keep up this facade of recovery? We're already printing more money than ever before. We can't raise taxes without calling it a fee, because dear leader wants to be re-elected. Can we still hit the brakes before this public-private hybrid goes into a ditch?
I have a new job!!!
Is the Chelsea Fair THIS WEEK?! Where has the summer gone?
is hell tired so im heading to bed! nite all xo peace
Rejected! The dance was fun last night although it didnt end how i hoped it would. MC turned my offer down
oh the craziness of prom...
wow glow sticks r soO funky!!!!!
Wow, even in 1963, *PROPNAME* was ranting about the "half-wit morons up in Sacramento" (just watch It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World)
I'm getting calls back on my resume, it makes me hopefull I will find the right job :)
is wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lol
has settled on a parish. Happy days.
is currently being a disgruntled employee...grrr. *brandishes fist ineffectually*
i karate chopped a homeless guy at the dinner table because im a ninja!!!
They got me.... those darn Zynga games..... so addicting.....
is pleased the American people will now have the time to read the government-run health care bill or have it interpreted for them. Apparently, this is a luxury our representatives (and President) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplis
Could teenage "Huffing" be the result of modern day child proofing and the parent neglecting to actually teach the child, "THAT WILL KILL YOU".
I have ONE homework assignment for ONE easy weekend class and I can't bring myself to do it. . .holy procrastinator. .Whats wrong with me!
Ladies and gentlemen, we are floating in space... *zoned the fuck out*
tear :`( really?...
First day as a high school English teacher. Apparently, an English accent fools 'em.
Note to self: NEVER try to make candy canes or any other hard sugar candy without at least 2 other people around to immediate shape the candy and clean it off the dishes before it hardens. Otherwise, it will be stuck on everything and take repeated re-heating and scraping to get it off :(
is back
LET'S GO LIONS
ugh....tired...hw....essay....reading...blurghhl
And I haves 3 things...
"I like my chicken fried, a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up !"
is at the beach at 30th st in newport... come join! give me a call or just show up! :)
Again, my company and night are ruined by some physical ailment of mine. I am fucking tired of it.
[h?-lo? ?-v??-ba-di hau a? ju]
HOUSE!
feels she did poorly on her midterm; starts third psych class tmr; needs to create some ipod playlists; is preoccupied.
wonders why no one ever followed up on *PROPNAME*'s pledge to eat the CRA.
fie! Time, Inc. has blocked gchat... does this mean I have to be productive now?
....Soy un aprensivo, me sigue la enfermedad, soy un tío vivo, soy un tipo de verdad. Soy caro cuando hay vicio, soy igual desde el principio y hasta el final es lo que tengo, es lo que hay, tengo una paja mental, que ya no sé de qué va....
You weren't kidding, *PROPNAME*.
teaching myself ALL of AP bio and 4 years of an education major's knowledge in 2 days booyah!
*sigh*
prom is in # hours and still not ready...... AAHHH!
I feel I must concede Defeat on this matter. *PROPNAME* is definately not Short. (HONEST!)
is a Teach for American 2010 Corps Member!!! (Southern Louisiana, Secondary Biology)
is loving socialinterview.com
exhausted, but not ready for bed...blahhhhhh
well squats were certainly a good idea right before bed . . . stupid stairs
one of my students has a pink graphing calculator, and I am a little jealous...6 years ago they did not come in pink :(
ATTENTION - READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT: If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do NOT click it. It's a virus. Please post this on your own site for your friends. REPOSTING
Happy Birthday, Cash!
Anyone have a gently-used treadmill they'd like to sell?
What do you call someone who speaks more than one language? A polyglot. What do you call someone who speaks only one language? An American.
It's a hershey's day
really thinks there's NO WAY she'll finish that collage by tomorrow. Seriously.
just found an organization called Think Before You Speak that flips out about people saying, "that's gay," claiming that it's offensive. That's pretty gay, if you ask me. 
død
got my burger, fries AND a birthday cake milkshake. So happy :)
had funn at 6 flags! =]]
made my first batch of peppermint foot scrub and it works wonders!!! love it!
is saying that the Vikings better kill the lions as if they were Stanford killing the trojans yesterday!!!
Blue!!!
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll fuck you with a rake.
cannot believe some people!!! you do nice things for someone and they take you for granted! well this is the last straw for me NO MORE will i help this person!
ser på samiske nyheter!!! og skal til en samisk konsert på lørdag! SÁMI
I just... Don't know what to think anymore...
wishes she could teleport herself to Dallas tonight to celebrate George's 20th anniversary at Wilshire...
is going to have rocky mountain dreams
is shaking his head wondering when some of his conservative christian friends became so hate filled that they will join any anti-obama group on facebook.
My Haves teh Vimtoooo!!!
realizes traditional media hate her and has shunned her penvcils in favor of the tablet. That'll learn 'em.
is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed
"If your friend got assassined, how would you respond" . . . probably with: that doesn't even make sense
nothing like falling asleep for an hour then waking up and being wide awake. stupid body
enjoyed the football and fun of the weekend, and now its back to reality.
If I'm stuck in the house long enough, maybe I'll clean it! That's looking on the bright side I guess...at least I'm in a better mood and a little less ill than yesterday, though maybe a little stir crazy--I found myself dancing to the Baskin *PROPNAME* 'ice cream and cake' commercial, lol!
is done with facebook. Why am I tagged in a status against my will?
Just gave *PROPNAME* a big piece of chicken out of my pasta, totally forgetting I just loaded it down with cayenne pepper!! She's still at her water bowl. Good lord, the gas that is to come while I'm sleeping... (I'm so sorry baby!!)
doesn't think passing a bill on *PROPNAME*'s casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us.
a;lkdhoarjenfpreoijn
Feeling pretty good since the whole 'tweaking my outlook' kick I've been on...except for this sore throat//sniffles thing, geh. But I'll live...hey, drinking tea goes along with the zen thing anyway, lol.
"Just another manic Monday"...nah, not really--if I was manic right now I'd probably be getting alot more done, lol!
is convinced, with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class, it's not going to happen. Do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since *PROPNAME* would all but certify the loss of his re-
a little glass vial. a little glass vial? a little glass vial.
"Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success." – *PROPNAME*
*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are officially the two most awesome people ever :)
There's no Pirate Translation for the Dislike Button!!!
saw *PROPNAME* WTC 1, can't wait for the Partitas in March.
excited For the Love of *PROPNAME*...now I have a new trashy reality show to enjoy on Monday nights! Why do I find these shows so entertaining??
Good work, Golden Globes.
playing some guitar hero
is NOT in Boston YET but she will be soon.
is rocking the casbah.
found a baby gooobay outside her door :D
wants to play some more tennis.
is loving that The Santa Clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classic
is in the Bluff!
is jammin on DJ Hero with *PROPNAME*
watched the movie 'Saved' this weekend and loved it!
can't believe how many restaurants and stores didn't have their flags at half-staff today! How can you possibly forget what today is, especially if the building right next to you has theirs at half-staff? 9//11 <3
slept uh.... 16 hrs?!
is doing to die to self...
YAY its Friday!!! hopefully Wattys gets her butt in town 2day! :)
jumping on the lyrics-for-status bandwagon: Don't let apathy police the populace, we will march across those stereotypes that were marked for us. The answer's obvious; we switch the consonants and change the "sword" to "words" and lift continents. 9//11 <3
Now that I'm done writing, I need food...hmmm....
TELL ME WHAT TO DRAW, PLOX.
hasn't been online in a long time
is sad...
3-ish
sent a postcard to postsecret yesterday =]
bye fb
hmmm off facebook again?
My iPhone is down again
would be perfectly content if forever was here.
someone tried to steal my car tonight and my car told me :) YAY! ?
ash will be home soon :) yay his dinner is waiting for him
15 minutes of fame: 18 de *PROPNAME*
Had bad dreams last night, some sobering thoughts on my mind...yet I'm still in a good mood today. I don't get it, but I'm not complaining!
And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-e-IIIIIIIIIIII will always love Noodles.
I <3 My Garmin Forerunner
is exhausted..
I am the eggman, they are the eggman, I am the walrus! Coo Coo Cachu!
oh levi, levi, levi..you naughty boy
really hates California's economy right now
glerc blech hack hakk kkrrr
I feel like I'm drowning in paper work, uggh! :X
Frisky Dingo makes my chest hurt...with laughing! I need to get Season 2 STAT. Damn, I would PILLAGE for some bourbon chicken right now! Glad *PROPNAME* is finally back in town...good times man! :D
Facebook now in 1337.
Press on- nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent. *PROPNAME*
always looks on the bright side of life: our Supreme Court will now be two-thirds Catholic.
*PROPNAME* doo-wops & hooligans <3
just waiting...
was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse. Back to work tomorrow.
G Dot Attorney at Law
is seeing *PROPNAME* this weekend. :) We're going to the Shedd Aquarium and doing other fun stuffs. <3
there's nothing to writing. all you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein.
The world seems a lot different without one of your closest friends... unbelievable! He was awesome.
did i piss off a gypsy? because there's a fly in my room that won't leave me alone. better make sure i have an anvil tied up in the garage and a sharpened ice skate handy :)
is taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome deal
Did *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this month. Not bad...and to clarify *PROPNAME* is a Crossfit workout, *PROPNAME* get your head out of the gutter
is back from the movies and just taking a breather. How can life have changed so much in just a few months?
has only 8 more days to use the government's money. Anyone want me to go run the water and waste some more of their money? Got any grudges? ;)
nite ppl hasta manana
is packing up and heading to Wyoming for 48 hours (give or take) of pure "vacation!"
ready to not be freezing my a*s off in the vcpa lobby any more for today! ashley, i hope you bring a sweatshirt..!
is happy for New Orleans...
+ Being able to relate to or think about the unknown is half the battle of expanding your spiritual beliefs. Having the opportunity to experience it personally is the other half. - *PROPNAME*
is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the HHS Secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs.
yes yes what a fun thing....
is etching closer to becoming stir crazy..
would work a spell if not for the moon being void of course...
is just a teenage dirtbag, baby. Yeah I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. Listen to Iron Maiden, baby, with me. Ooohoooooo.. =D
loves snl. and is going to marry bill hader =]
Quick run
is obsessed with Maple Story again. :P.
I generally dislike *PROPNAME*. I do not find his form of "Comedy" Amusing.
VW ... ;)p hmmmmm
just "is."
is feeling a little subbydub today.
Bring it, Wankees.
is sitting outside in Pennsylvania.
so happy i'm not clopening this weekend
It's the prophet versus them profits all the time.
is excited for NBC thursdays- especially excited for community
Record so hard it broke the needle.
has too much to do in too little time. Why is the "to-do" list getting longer every day instead of shorter?
Anyone looking for a roommate in Lakeview or Lincoln Park? Any help appreciated... Thanks...
FREEEDDDOOMMM!! Well, that is for now...
Mmm... Fish Fingers.
Westbound on the Mass Pike you see signs for Springfield and Albany; almost like being in Oregon.
had a great day shopping got some new dresses and amber new clothes havin a beer and chillaxin now
s last day of work is tomorrow... and it's gonna be a long one =[
Happy Thanksgiving to all my facebook friends and family. I am thankful for all of you! Have a wonderful day with yours!
any one in *PROPNAME*'s 7th prd can u tell me what page in *PROPNAME* was the interaction btwn him and his mom was on?
back in bendigo and starting my detox...FUN FUN!!!
it's really cold out
gets to see ma and sis tomorrow :)
is having a drink jazza and tiggs :)
Turbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.
NOM, French Biscuits!
I'll be back tomorrow, I'll be back at a quarter to eleven. I'm half drunk and I can't see straight, I hear a zero with a capital "Z". You got me singing songs from the balcony as the city crumbles under the powers of an evil doctor rocket science monster with capabilities to destroy the entire universe.
i need a job
so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh
Finally! Snow in Reedsburg. I'm so happy there's gonna be snow on my birthday!
is upset. *PROPNAME* ditched our appointment I made, after I waited in the office for about an hour, and now I'll probably never get to talk to her. I wish she'd actually do her job in stead of taking 5 hour lunch breaks then leaving early.... Bitch.
2 weeks left
is going shopping for college stuff! WOOO!!!
going to flordia tomorrow!!
looking forward to vbs next month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
Giraffe
*PROPNAME* leaves the SEC, HOORAY
hauling stuff out and moving into nyu in several hours!!!!
loves how Facebook forces everyone to refer to themselves in the Third Person.
wonders why more people don't say "twenty ten"
anyone know of a good recording of L'elisir D'amore? Everything I've listened to so far has been sort of crap crap crap UNA FURTIVA LAGRIMA crap crap crap crap crap. I know it's the hit song but god is there a recording that's good as a whole unit anywher
Am I the only one that hates the new shakira song?!! It's horrible!
I'm out like a fat kid in dodge ball.
We bet him five dollars that he would drown. A bittersweet victory.
"Clubbers in the North of England have taken to using dental syringes to inject Ecstasy directly into their mouths." "This dangerous practice is known as 'E by gum!'"
those who are tardy do not get fruit cup
Is trying to get her hearing back after nibbler decided to imitate her sneezing...very loudly.
saw a nun zombie, and liked it. Also, *PROPNAME* + Tentacle!Man + Psychic Powers = GREAT Party.
is going to Six Flags//Hurricane Harbor with *PROPNAME* tomorrow... then taking him on a bus tour of Chicago on Thursday! Yay! <3
"My son got into DeVry." "What'd he have to do, open the door?"
is taking a nap and dreamin of *PROPNAME*
Next term I'll have a lab and get to do SCIENCE every day. Until then I have a cube and get to do HOMEWORK every day.
well, it's 1:00. i've had drinks. and need to be at work far too soon. in other words, great night. happy birthday thom :)
is *PROPNAME*. Yes!
is home
New cell number: (555) 555-5555
opus 10 no. 1: 10 years in the making ... i'm so happy to finally be able to play these arpeggios up to speed without feeling like my arm will fall off after the first phrase.
Why is there rain everywhere???
lovin the warm windy HB weather in my backyard
just had a great evening and just loved it :)
....curse this internet and//or computer. whichever one is currently sucking and screwing up facebook. screwing up everything!
n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol was a pretty gd night tbh :)
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right :D happy new year everybodyyyyy :D
is mad that the fair ended up being more about mud than anything else.
Well we are on hold until next Wed. Both CASA and CPS are demanding current prescription records all though they have through the last court date and did not request these until yesterday. *PROPNAME*'s theropist did not show either, but he is being supenaed for Wed.
feels pretty ooky, but is going to try to power through and sing in everything tomorrow anyway. Good idea? Let's watch!
is back!!! *PROPNAME* will not sleep, teething :(
happy all hallows' eve kids :)
black
was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :P
http:////explosm.net//comics//1777//
one more class, dr's appointment (hearing has improved!), missing House because of the midterm tonight =[
god I can't even look at nfcs. confused enough as it is!
after months of failure, I am going to try to come up to LA for a day before everybody disappears. I'm thinking this Friday?
The mind of a child is where the revolution begins.
Waking from a really good dream into harsh reality is one of the great cruelties of life. *groggy and disgruntled*
Okay, sleep. Dreaming of bacon and dark chocolate. mmmm....
hungeeee!!
should give up on being a scientist and become a cave hermit.
3!!!
taking a break from my looong paper
Pandora is in fact the greatest invention of all time. I owe my entire current quasi-sanity to its existence.
About to make a triple layer chocolate mousse torte for tomorrow :)
just a question to all off my friends!!! do you think that a REAL INDIGO would be racist???? i thought we were here to help others not put them into a catagory where we critisize people over something they have no control over i find this quite disturbing
actually got some good sleep for once :)
It's projected to snow 3-5 inches tomorrow in Houston! :)
A textbook a week, argh...
Happy Halloween all! Stuck @ home recuperating from totaling my fuckin car yestermorn-they're right, it DOES hurt more the day after-but "I'M NOT DEAD YET!!" Great time last night tho-celebrating LIVING. Thanx to all who made it possible & who made it awesome! Yay Dethklok show, Asylum, & some fucking wonderful humans, including my rockin' friends & lotsa cool folks I met last night. *hugs the world, retreats to bed*
is tired. *PROPNAME*, let me go to sleep pl0x.
Never seen a 10 year old and a 60 year old driving a motorcycle on the same steet until today :)
is seventeen in three days!
in need of a babysitter the afternoon and evening of UVA v. VT...any ideas? Know any great sitters? HELP! :)
finished my final. no more developmental psychology =]]
Last day in Ko Chang : ( but teaching starts Monday : )
is reading about polystrate fossils, Uniformitarianism, and *PROPNAME*'s appointment to run the Texas State Education Board....the more I learn the more horrified I become.
s world is rocked with the ht820.
Can anyone out there tell me if Jesus was EVER anointed in OIL? He was babtized in water and anointed in the Holy Spirt which is why he is called the "anointed one". Can anyone tell me yes or no. If yes I need scripture reference. Thank you.
*PROPNAME*'s on Leno =]
[...so f@#$% happy right now..!!! never saw that coming, not in a million years...] :D ;P :)
"Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torment of man."--Friedrich Nietzsche
loved hanging out with Klocks!
I've finally arrived creaking into the facebook generation! Hello everyone
wants to cut her hair again.
Grandma and I had a fight yesterday about whether the owner of the restaurant sounded like Blanche or Rose from the Golden Girls. Good Times. <3
has miles to go before she sleeps.
ugh, starting my soc paper all over....this is going to be a busy day...ugh
booga booga booga! lol love courage!
going out for dinner tonight at the Deck mansfield cannot wait!
“I do not fear failure. I only fear the "slowing up" of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, "Keep going, someone must be on top, why not you?" ---*PROPNAME*
can't sleep . . . work will be fun tomorrow :)
decided I'm going to start reading the Sookie Stackhouse books. I NEED a new vampire story to distract me from the craziness of my real life
is bored and shud be studying sumting...
is happy his brother will join him in Princeton tomorrow.
cuz lately im not dreamin so whats the point in sleepin? its just that at night i've got nowhere to hide. --love me some jack's mannequin =]
"The world may end in 2012 but this show won't." XD LOL!
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart! I want to recognise your beauty is not just a mask! I want to exorcise the demons from your past! I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart! (Gracias a Sofi por la canción tan genial!)
Set up a mobile router. Was way easier than I thought it would be.
has a paper due tomorrow. will start in a bit, i think. would've helped to have read anything before this point. ah well!
just woke up to half an inch of snow and is so happy, she's going outside in her pajamas to sweep it off her porch! That's no sarcasm folks..... I'm really excited. :) 5 days!
is in Homer, AK visiting *PROPNAME*!
watched a whole bunch of queer movies on youtube. love it
is gonna be eating various kinds of wraps for every meal for a while now.
is a National Merit Semifinalist!!! Yay!!
MMmmmmmm Trader Joes tart frozen yogurt... makes a mouth VERY happeh!! :D
ok I think I worked out too much today...everything hurts...but I had fun! :)
*sigh*
needs something to do.
creative block....schematic drawing due tomorrow....design gods please give me somethin' to work with!!!
I just dreamed the mob kidnapped me and was forcing me to host a toothpaste infomercial. The draw for the toothpaste is that it was used by athletes in the Olympics. I kept getting all the names and locations wrong because nobody told me what they were. A burly guy in a suit was getting pretty upset cause we were stopping so much. He was on the roof for some reason. The set looked suspiciously like my backyard. Huh.
no-class stadium for a no-class coach :( but I did park on someone's drive for $20 instead of the $60 that I would have had to give to USuCk
watched Hot Fuzz, then proceeded to watch Comedy Central, and finally, chatted with a drunk dude and his friend while watching Reno 911!
Now bamboo thinks it's wood, and that pisses me off.
is ringing in the new year with a bowl of Kix & a glass of water & Wii golf. yeah...i'm cool. ; )
Merry Christmas, All! Any Santa sightings?
allen's mackintosh toffee de luxe coconut lollies r goOd!!!!!!!!! <3
misses the beach already...
http:////www.theonion.com//content//node//67259
~ Can You See? My Eyes Are Shining Bright, 'Cause I'm Out Here On The Other Side Of A Jet Black Hotel Mirror ~
I did not get the job. Guess I'm thankful that I'm stuck where I am, tho'
made cookies for soldiers. :D
when your thesis is on saddle-point model selection and matlab can't find any saddle points, you're in deep ...
got a new shampoo//conditioner and I'm excited to shower so I can try it!
What's with everyone going to bed so early? The night is still within the nadir. The last remnants of the day remain like a youthful child reluctant to mature. Carpe Noctem!
Don's taking a fork-lift test tomorrow to see if he qualifies to bump back in - keep those fingers crossed!
one more day of vbs =[
just made a nucketful of cookies and a bunch of baked fries. :) Yes, I am awesome.
is seeing 9 tonight... maybe?
big congrats to my friend laura from wayland and her partner beth who just got hitched on prince edward island.
good morning starshine, the earth says hello.....=p
More walls! More floors! I need to make the sims 2 even more amazing!!!!
Bored with cartoons & porn...time to sleep I guess. *blink, shrug, yawn*
Last night was amazing! Not only did I see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s LAST performance of RENT, but we also ended the night at 3 Fires Lounge were the whole cast was celebrating!
is sick of removing quiz results from his news feed. Please friends, just share the ones you reeeeaaaaaaaly like.
disneyland tomorrow =]] going with maddie going to be awesome!!
tgiff
*PROPNAME*'s tantrum has finally come to a close. Phew! (Read my note for more details ;) )
wishes her bro a happy birthday!
.........................why can't i focus on writing my paper AT ALL??...........................
has played more Freecell today than any man should.
Bored with things, I need to find something else to focus on obsessively.
what is this, horseville? because i'm surrounded by naysayers!
thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.
feels loved and appreciated...
is going to go play Boston on the piano =]
loong lazy day. i've had too many of these. oh well, hopefully tomorrow will be better.
just finished watching terminator about to watch Dance Flick :)
just went to the nordic house in oakland and got biler og kvikk lunsj og solo!!!
re-arranged all the furniture in my room today to make way for the pole. I love re-arranging furniture, it makes me feel so accomplished!
being sick is terrible
is flashing lights kanye style
at NYU and playing sporkel!!!! Yup, college is gonna be fun. ;D
90s music is//was the shit!
"Ah, *PROPNAME*. The eyes are open, the mouth moves, but *PROPNAME* has long since departed." ~ *PROPNAME* XD XD
just watched a documentary on 9//11 conspiracy theorists. Those have got to be the most low-down, small-minded, egotistical, self-centered, uncaring, ignorant, heartless monsters I have ever seen.
At Rue
needs something to do tonight.
Fuck. My left arm is alseep. I can't move my it from the wrist down.
~ goin' shopping tomorrow with mah friends :D
*PROPNAME* may have been out of line, but Single Ladies is much better than *PROPNAME*'s crappy song and mediocure video and at least for once he wasn't complaining about himself not losing
new profile image..... and the funny thing is, now that i think about... *PROPNAME* IS a lot like *PROPNAME*.....
is inactive.
If cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
thinks people should either do something or shut up and deal! We were the (pretty much) first country to have a peaceful transfer of power between political parties. Let's go back to those times, shall we? If you're not gonna do anything about what you don't like, then please, shut up and leave everyone else alone. kthxbi.
came home to a box of Panda licorice, a favorite. I feel loved.
I will be fine. I've gotten through everything that has ever been thrown at me--nothing can keep me down for long.
just can't get down to business...curse you, homework.
is rediscovering her love for bjork
is mad at himself
loved The Princess and the Frog...I almost cried! Finally at age 24 I get to see a Disney Princess on the big screen, and it was so special to me...I just ? this movie! *PROPNAME* you are the perfect date! xoxoxox
Barley sugars taste goOd!!!!!!!
wants 3 THIGNS!
Might be going to see Toy Story 3D in lunch tomorrow. XD
needs a change. Anyone know any yoga studios in or close to the Smithtown//Kings Park area? Gotta find my zen again!
Did you know that it couldn't be more blatent that the X-Factor was fixed unless *PROPNAME* openly admitted he was gay with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*
ok so it appears that people couldn't even comment on my poll:) so here it is again --- seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: Do u want to write on my wall? Yes//No.. :
i belatedly discovered "my so-called" doppelganger while getting my 90s tv fix.
Still waiting....so glad Monday's a holiday!
just remembered a TV ad from her childhood in the 'glorious' south: horribly fat, hideous ANGELS with big ol' hair, Tammy-Faye-esque makeup, and (of course) heavy southern accents hollering "DON'T YOU BUY NO UUG-LY TRUUCK!" Cracked me up then, cracks me up now, HAHA!
"I may be limping, but I'm coming home"
just dropped in on my lovely Italian friend - now feel the need for agnello e risotto a funghi
has Just lost the Game.
can't wait to see The Princess and the Frog tonight with *PROPNAME*!!
enjoyed an incredible concert this afternoon by her friend and colleague K-Pad...who is infused with musical talent, versatility, & passion.
Sad & depressed as hell, but ROCKING the LIVING FUCK out...weird combination.
is moving today. I've had to move 7 times in the last 4 years... At least my U-haul platinum membership is coming in handy. :-//
is amazed out how more effective individual updates are at getting rid of his possessions than a single photo album. Only two more pieces of furniture to go!
is high on swing dance. 'cept it's really late now...
nm... out for a walk to the PIER! llame to make the walk go faster... or to come along :)
Mash Potatoes were a big hit in Thailand!
is stuck
is sick.
President Obama -- fighting wars in two countries -- will arrive in Norway on Thursday to accept the Nobel Peace Prize.... Amusing CNN headline
Heard since it's Vday weekend that people were changing their profile pics. Don't have a pictures of me and all three of my valentines (but *PROPNAME* is in the belly here) Can you imagine if I tried picking up *PROPNAME* now? :)
thinks he did alright. Not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names, but certainly alright.
spent another sleepless night tossing and turning, only to get up at 9 am and deal with a kid who, I swear, has the loudest, most ear-piercing scream I have ever heard (and uses it). To top it all off, I got a call from the clinic saying that I'm anemic, and they want to put me on yet ANOTHER iron supplement that I can't afford. FTW.
had a great day at church...
*PROPNAME* said, ""I was just the vessel. It wasn't *PROPNAME*'s sperm. Just like I stick the sperm up my horse, this is what they did to me. I was his thoroughbred." And this is the part where my brain vomits...
loves the jewelry her aunt sent her from bulgaria... and the boots & pants her mom and sis sent her from houston:) AND her itty bitty car:) hehehe especially since she got a second car wash for free at tasca today hehe
Upon taking a brief hiatus from facebook--holy SHIT, too many updates to read! *mind boggles*
is on the Viking Offenders Register
Block 2 is over! Time to relax...
is sermonizing after having accidentally slept all day...
got out of the house tonight finally =] had a grand time. this had better start happening more often.
hmmm ash is cooking dinner tonight but the question is when??? lol
Just ate a nice happy cow filet with red wine reduction. Wish my feet weren't throbbing so I could really cook !! Tomorrow we shall throw down...my 12-in skillet and me.
is at jury duty ugh
oh my god House! =D
is kinda having a rough morning... but its looking up...
going to see newt gingrich speak thursday night at the kennedy school of government forum.........anyone have a good question i can ask him during the q and a?
....Que no te falte capacidad, para discernir el mas aca, del confuso mas alla, que es realidad aparte..... --(bunbury)
*PROPNAME*'s cheesecake shake makes me happy :-)
I like my horoscope today: "It's the time to play. Why play halfway? Go ahead. Have the fun you're after. All of it."
doesn't get it--even when I get enough sleep, I run out of energy LONG before the day is over...what gives?! This rampant exhaustion really puts a cramp on my life & times...and now I'm gonna go sleep some more. Hmph!
is hoping *PROPNAME* slept through the night for *PROPNAME*.
icky feeling = gone. Back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!
Tuition at Rhode Island is 35 grand!!
is in Kentucky. 421 miles into her 1100 mile journey home.
and *PROPNAME*. Leaders of an Awesome (yet possibly painful) New World Order.
Been trying to catch up on sleep since I pretty much hadn't slept in 3 days...woken up by the Carbon Monoxide alarm, and it's the real deal. My dad opened the window by the furnace and my living room window and went back to bed, nice. Hmm...gonna go back to sleep if possible and hope halfheartedly that I'm still alive in the morning.
found Mad World sheet music =]
just booked a flight to LA this weekend, and paid a whopping $13.20 roundtrip, thanks to an eVoucher from my mom. Thanks Mom!! :-)
It's crunch time. See y'all in a month or so.
wants to be back in AK.
Okay, must sleep. Must work in mere hours...ah who am I kidding ? I don't sleep. Or eat. Just smoke...and work. And love.
feels 8 months pregnant.... but really I'm only 5 1//2.....
didn't get home until 5:30am ... cause she had to drive an hr+ back fromm boston in rain and fog but it was totaly worth it getting in 15 minutes before the club closed:) xuxuxuxu
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. ~e.e. cummings
exhausted. im ready to sleep.
yeah... i'm in the american executive!! woo
Que es lo que en realidad se debe de hacer? Lo que el corazón dicta o lo que la razon te dice?
Well anyway, fuck it. I'm gonna die young but happy. Rather than healthy and old.
I PASSED STATS MOTHERFUCKER!!!!
is reflecting on it and is actually very happy she's not in IB right now.
In Berkeley hit me up to hang out :)
is comforted and content. It only gets better from here!
off to wedderburn today going to celebrate halloween for the weekend YAY!!!
Devising ways to oust the old tenant out of *my* new place. Not too happy that he's choosing to take another week to move out. >:P
so far...i have an A in Sociology =]]
finally graudated, despite the weather. Thank you, Jesus. And thank you all for your love and support and thanks to my love who came out to celebrate with me last night!
Gonna read "SHF"
It's *PROPNAME*'s birthday in about 45 minutes, but he "doesn't want a surprise party!"
Getting out of the house, yay! Going with 'Anon' (lol) to eat curry and hang out with folks or someodd. Man, anywhere's better than being stuck at my stupid apartment!
bought some mod podge. is going to collage some things. rather excited.
"Little red bird under a chair, waiting for the crumbs to fall. Daddy said, 'Get a job'. Well don't you see, Daddy, how good I am at catching crumbs ?"
had a great holiday. Hopes the new year will bring better luck....
heard someone say that status updates are the ultimate form of narcissism. Got her thinkin'. Could that be true?
sigh... Debussy... always puts me in agood mood
YEAH!!! I went and saw the chiropractor today. Hopefully this will relieve my back issues
Paramore Ticket presale next weekend - anyone else getting tickets?
going to kyoto on thursday~
stupid camera giving me hell! agh!
I stopped by and visited with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Only stayed about twenty minutes. I sure will be glad when they can come back home.
wishes 2009 would end so 2010 could start
status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status. You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour. Lets all do our bit to help
Anyone have a need or desire for a (formerly stray) Red Tick Hound Dog?
is bored as hell, so Interesting people must talk to me.
first day of high school!!
I just....I can't do this without family...friends. Anybody ?
narcoleptic
the volleyball championship was on tv this weekend. i want to play volleyball :(
Err:520
Just found a dead wasp in a bottle of conditioner. WHAT THE FUCK!!!
still, i wouldn't mind punching something.
its a beautiful fall day in southern california.
doesn't think Carlisle is going to happen this summer. Sorry guys!
slept from 11pm to 7am! It's a Christmas miracle!
Sobering up Tonight, from a 2 week drinking spree!
5 page essay... Ready, set, go!!!!!!
My Schedule Next Semester. Sucks. Balls.
is still sick and missing ash already!
is smiling...
wants the new Tokio Hotel c.d. =]]
"The world is my ashtray"
Guess how old I am in my profile photo
is going home!
hmm how far is it reasonable to go to get a hard to find arrangement that you really want?
New (temporary) dog in my house. Concerned about worms, for his sake and Sparky's.
cartography+Select. Topics in the Geography of China (????F?add?...)
is checking her facebook a little more than she used to...but facebook still bombards her with more information than she has time to fool with! Taking things at a glance.
Just watched the new Harry Potter :) now heading to bed!!!
Cheesecake turned out amazing! Almost as fun to eat as it was to make :)
feels great to be back home !!!!!!
Here's to all of the runners that went to the XC meet today! Congrats to *PROPNAME* for an amazing performance to win the small schools girls Varsity race with a blistering time of 19:00 min. And to the entire girls varsity for taking first place for riverside county. The Boys varsity tied with Banning for the #1 spot.
and by that i mean that everyone should listen to Viva Discordia by That Handsome Devil. now.
"Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous" - Einstein
believes thinking is over-rated.
waiting for vacation time to roll around.....
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Terrorist-underprivilegeds bombed three hoverports, and I should be scared or angry, the newsfeed says. But the sky is so empty and quiet and beautiful.
foto editing day
was a huge baby when he had his wisdom teeth out a few years ago. Just splayed out on the couch whining constantly. His sister, however, had them out today and treated it like it was nothing!
Congratulations to all of my friends, especially *PROPNAME*, who passed the Lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, I'll be taking Barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!
prøver å lese asbjørnsen og moes samlede eventyr og kan ikke forstå den rare ortografien... og nå føler jeg meg dum
tried to shovel. It was a bad idea.
Could I be anymore bored?
I was sitting at LaGuardia, wondering why my flight was delayed, and then I saw on the TV that there had been a bomb threat and evacuation earlier today... lucky meeee
crowd surfed at *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*! =D
just saw Thirst. It was dark when I got out, and I was by myself, so I jogged part of the way home. Hell if I know why...scary wouldn't really be the word for that movie I don't think...
Where's my Fucking Submarine?!
is still finishing homework. On to Algebra II.
Gettin ready for tommorrow!
“When we are debating an issue, loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think I'll like it or not. Disagreement, at this stage, stimulates me. But once a decision has been made, the debate ends. From that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.”
am i supposed to be surprised that manny and ortiz were on the 2003 steroids list? the much more surprising, and much shorter list, would be people playing in the past 10 years who weren't on the list
3//3//10 *PROPNAME* is coming!
Sometimes I realise how insignificant I am in the universe. Then I get over it.
GODDAMNIT!!!! FUCK YOU LINCOLN!!! Kick HIGHER! And the guy took off his helmit! We should have had a re-kick! What BS is this? AAAARRRRG!!!!!!
If anyone needs help in a math class, my friend *PROPNAME* is an experienced tutor so feel free to contact him. (Not taking any math classes myself, fuck math!!)
BUBBLES!!
went white water rafting today for the first time in 10 years...since senior trip at WBC! Thought of you Wilshire friends - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
*PROPNAME* just told me Tuesday, that her cancer has progressed to stage 4.
is so excited to start a summer book club!!
loves USPS. When you underpay for online postage, they charge you at the counter. When you overpay, they pocket the difference and say "thank you". Isn't that just the Federal government in a nutshell?
there will be no Magic Mountain fireworks on the 4th. Perhaps you guys don't want this independence thingy after all
14 de marzo: GAURA MANTRA FEST: JACOB KARPIO GALERIA
got his permit.
is sick of plains and trains
so not cool with the fact that *PROPNAME* (who is 34 btw) is getting married to a 22 yr old argentinian model... exuse moi *PROPNAME*, I happen to be 22, you didnt have to look that far.
is wondering what the fuck X-Factor is coming to. I mean, *PROPNAME* beating *PROPNAME*? What is this crap
Sorry, People magazine... your "sexy" guys can't hold a candle to the men of the 40s, 50s and 60s... *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
doing a double shift at work.
sabrina the teenage witch is on! i haven't seen it in years! =D really takes me back...
"No, I'm not going to leave you out here. If I do that, I'll probably get fired, and then I'll do something stupid, and then I'll go back to jail." ~coach mcguirk [home movies is one of the best shows ever] :)
goddam it. this celebrity double thing is driving me crazy. help
is looking for someone to watch a movie with...possibly *PROPNAME*?
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart. I want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask. I want to exorcise the demons from your past. I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart. ?
my ID card has been found! =D
*PROPNAME* is a sexy Marshmallow Beast.
is officially settled in weinstein hall. rm 428 PURPLE MONKEYS!!!!
is ok now.
had a fabulous celebratory evening with the *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME* last night in Big D - and is now off to see her brother's new house...
Got called in to work tomorrow. At least I don't have to run groups. Bed early tonight.
First proper Hangover today: Good start to 2010.
got her game fixed! Almost done, now...just a few more rooms, then off to the evil dragon! I have a feeling something bad's gonna happen. Just a hunch...
Going upstairs to beg my dad for some of the wonderful-smelling eggplant parm they just made! *crosses fingers* No food down here. :(
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
Damn boxcutter.
is officially one year behind in her thank you note writing.
is unemployed, and thinks its a good thing :)
goin' out tonight! XD
Well, the fork-lift job is a no go. Apparently, he wasn't fast enough - considering he's never driven a fork-lift before - and they don't have time to train him...on to plan B, I suppose
Hmm...it might finally be time to get a coat.
Meh. Bleh. Feh!!
just got skype. name: ljacocke
seems I'll be back in NYC with the BF Jan 6 and 7, hmm what to do
U of I or Bust! call me if your in chambana please :)
has a naughty son.
Thank you everybody! Love you all!
is unloved <//3
Who'da thought a single text message could be enough to change my mind?
i don't know that i can express how much i love my coworkers :) one of my best birthdays ever. i even did a shot :)
THANK GOD THAT WOMAN FINALLY LEFT THE FRIGGIN' HOUSE!!!
Okay, so what are the different plans for Friday night in LA ? There's *PROPNAME*...?
Counting down the days till NOLA!
Let's go, Jets! C'mon!
sad to leave San Jose -(
is celebrating with her...
just started reading "Blonde" by *PROPNAME* (a fictional biography of *PROPNAME*). It's one of those books that all day you are just dying for the opportunity to read a little more...oh how I love books
weeekend :)
Go to UrbanDictionary.com, type in your first name, copy//paste this as your status and the definition as your first comment... and GO!!
First law school midterm this monday. This one's for a third of the clams.
is off to read my book
~ grr... school sucks.
THIS IS TO ALL JUNIORS WHO HAVE BEEN TO UCR TO DO RESEARCH: you can still access the ucr database w//out being @ UCR
Sorry I had to bail so early on Sanctuary last night, folks...sick & tired does not a fun Bev make--sittin' in the corner like ol' granny watchin' the kiddies play outside! *scrunches nose*
the old mans still trying to get me smashed on his sake... tastes like ass.. on fire
is facing a difficult two weeks.
PASSED my Praxis exams with flying colors!!! Thank you *PROPNAME*'s notes for that recognition of excellence on the PLT 7-12 :) <3
*PROPNAME* needs to fix its record keeping big time!
will have a miracle if he gets an 80 on today's midterm.
My foot is asleep...maybe it's trying to tell me I should be asleep, too...*conks*
is in Chicago for Uchi-con. And somehow got stuck watching a game room AGAIN.
absolutely HAS to remember to call MATC and drop her class.
is watching the large amount of black sedans, suvs, and police heading toward the jfk library from my studio window.
just booked VEGAS. So excited!!
got my trnasformers shirt. its cuute =]]
had a half day today! Yay!
Is anyone else catching the disastrous wordspacing on the screenshot for iBooks? Why cant each book be typeset the way it was for print?
Henry Loves Crusts!
is going to Pennsylvania tomorrow.
Apparently I read better while listening to Pink Floyd. Really helps with stimulating the mind.
fem dager.
is in Valdosta tomorrow, then to St. Augustine Saturday, then back to Valdosta Sunday, and back home to Charleston Sunday, too.
blah
Did *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this week. Life is good
can't get the freaking pictures on Facebook to work! I hate that app! >:(
um, across the universe was even better the 2nd time. would probably be even betterer if one was high i would imagine
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under your status
misses her baby soooooooo much!!
*PROPNAME*, it's like you aimed just left of funny.
Wants a Lovely Buttery Baked Potato...
so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh
is steadily developing an iron butt. And no, he hasn't been to the gym lately.
What's black and green and red all over? Me after the GWAR show, YEAH! XD Time for the sleep of a lifetime now, though...damn.
*PROPNAME*
went fly fishing today for the first time and LOVED it...thanks to *PROPNAME* for being such a fabulous teacher! This is the first fish I caught...a pretty big rainbow trout. We had to resuscitate him a bit when we released him back into the water...I didn't kn
it's been a good week.
slept in like nobody's business today. makin biscuits.
just went to a bar with my mom and a bunch of other old people in Alaska. wtf?
The French have redeemed themselves as a nationality with the invention of Parkour!
Woot. One craigslist adventure down; one to go!
has a tummyache (again, stupid tummy) but is otherwise alright!
is stressed OUT.
it my birthday today !! I'm finally 14!!
tis' the season to be jollyfa la la la la la la la latis' the season...to..be a nut case!! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
It's not that I can't live without you; it's that I don't even want to try.
the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening
hopes that transformers isn't sold out!
Just curious; if I'm so damn annoying with my vocabulary and ideas, might someone tell me why they talk to me exactly?
is one of the unlucky ones that has to work today.
is doing a week of *PROPNAME*(who lives here at the Schlesinger) posts in honor of the movie coming out on Friday.
You Are What You Eat: "I Prefer Cheese & Crackers!"
Wowsa....greeeeeeeat job news down the grapevine today! Uber-productive week!
TAPS then bed....
Due to a total lack of interest Monday is cancelled!
How many people aren't using their *PROPNAME* Ticket?
thinks maybe singing along with the radio during most of the eight-hour ride home didn't help her throat//cough//chestcold thingvery much.
would like to remind everybody that we live in a multicultural society composed of more than just Christians, that this country was NOT built off of Christianity (in fact, many of our Founding Fathers were Deists, not Christians) and the only ones keeping Christ out of Christmas are the people who insist on filing lawsuits for not saying "Christmas" instead of spending their time caring for others! Happy Holidays!
Putting up my wonderfully fake tree. It has given me joy (read as pain//hatred) for the past four years now. Now it can grace my livingroom yet again!
is totally xcited for da ball 2moz yay!!!!! :D
Dear planes, Please stop crashing, I'd like to go on a trip to Ireland without dying on either flight. Thanks, *PROPNAME*
i Bergen
what is on my mind... not much... it is retreating from the coming tide of homework...
City of Angels hads reconfirmed my belief that *PROPNAME* is AWESOME.
is stressed... but has great tickets for the game! row 1 baby! Woot!
is reading, admiring her permit, and occasionally glancing at her ner McDonald's uniform.
to whom it may concern, have a great first day at school today. and make good choices
is lmbo as this last Uno game I just played! But really, though? Time for bed, long day tomorrow.
doesn't know what to think.
trying to write final papers in library... not working! argh!!!
ITS FRIDAY!
have to fin my homework
Hangin' with *PROPNAME*...stay awake, stay awake! *pokes self with fork*
Doing enough work to compensate for being in Atlanta Thursday & Friday...blehhhh. (Still at work at frickin' midnight!) But the trip, the company & the brief respite from LI will be soooo bloody appreciated.
is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the Kitty for the rest of the week.
"She saw the truck coming and stepped on the gas in order to become air-borne because she knew she could fly because Batman does it." 173 N.W.2d 619 (Wisc. 1970).
Just bought a cute pair of purple pumps : )
"No. you said Filipino. That's a Nationality" , thank you Cam
is seeing *PROPNAME* tonight after class, and we're going to see Egypt Central in concert tomorrow! (Only the start of a wonderful weekend!)
is excited for *PROPNAME*'s Birthday! Don't forget your one dollar bills girls!! Haha :)
Where the *#%@ is my...... nm found it
Scared of PC III and the bar...
s g-ma is the coolest
"FM Static" Tonight's complete, Everyone's asleep, Right now I wanna say these words to You, I'll be Your hand, take me as I am, I just wanna be with You
DEA DEA DEA :D
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!! Thank a veteran dammit!
I've always known I'd be a bank robber. So judge all you want, ladies and gentlemen. Because you never did become an astronaut.
is sick and tired of people who comment on every SINGLE status update, no matter how INSIGNIFICANT. We've been here before, you know who you are.
is Back from adding a *PROPNAME* to the Cambridge Campus.
is happy *PROPNAME* is coming to Princeton
had fun tonight at Bottom Lounge! Nice seeing everyone. :)
when I have my own classroom, I will have a giant NO WHINING sign on the wall and every time a kid whines I'm just gonna point to it
I always want the blog to be the magical valve. Turn it on, write, be healed. It never is though. And now I still hurt, I just feel more raw now. As long as I stay with the emotion and don't deny...I'll be alright.
My wonderful husband bought me a really fast computer (the old one caught a Trojan). The remaining 15 pages will just fly by. Thank you *PROPNAME*
"Every generation had its socially-conscious youth: flappers, beatniks, hippies, punks... Today we have hipsters, but instead of contributing largely to a social cause, they're just a bunch of pretentious pricks."
white with black polka dots and pink
I had my hair dyed and straightened on Thursday. Now I REALLY want hair straighteners, but I have to wait until I've paid for my restricted test. Also, having washed my hair, I realise that my hair has quite a bit of cur//wave to it. Who knew?
Mag-usap tayo sa Tagalog!
has Bahamas on my mind...11 days!
Mono is no fun :(
RON PAUL FOR NORWAY 2012!!!
*PROPNAME*= awesomest show i've ever seen
is on the prowl.
Free your mind, Freen your thought, think outside the box, we have to restore balance in the world or we will cease to exist come on think about what is really going on in the world can we afford to be so selfish!!!
I kind of have the best coworkers you could have
did some christmas deco shopping and got amber a singing elmo stocking....i so wish i didnt do that now hahaha
do i have to take out my nose ring and join the corporate world?
Bored of blonde. Is now Purple.
First there was TIGER; then TIGGER; and now LUST. The alphabet soup of federal bureaucrats never ceases to amuse me. And how ironic LUST stands for so-not-sexy "Leaking Underground Storage Tanks".
+ bold black coffee + double iced cinnamon role + saturday paper + porch across from park = perfect saturday morning.
Wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the Louisian Bar Exam!
needs a new camera =[
Is getting anxious about Thailand and money :{
off to bed so tired and i cant wait till tomorrow HAPPY BIRTHDAY Ash i love you so so much! xoxoxo
bored, tired, work tomorrow and the next two days and then im done =] and then 6ish days from then i move in. delightful!
the rumors are true: Harvard IS awesome
realized today he had no idea what was in eggnog, and looked it up, secretly expecting to find that it was made from something horrible. It is actually made of far more wonderful ingredients than I ever could have imagined!
found out that i have 14+ years more schooling if i want to follow through with the orthopedic surgeon thing. . .
Ahhhhhhh! Raisins!
I really think I may have taken to heavy of a work load in my classes this semester.
Still recovering... I look like a big fly!0_0
great weekend filled with tailgating, wine trails, and lots of laughs!
Meow?
is really fucking tired of my dad telling me that nothing I do or plan is important.
im home finally!!! yayyyy! i hope i did ok on my test.
I don't know how they did it, but Tom and Jerry have just managed to make Drowning Kittens in a sack, funny.
snl tonight =]
Its a good night for fishing.
is slow this morning getting to the gsd library for a day of study....neeeed cofffffeee.
º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„Pass It On º¤ø
shots of petrone!!!! da da daa da da da daaa da shot shot shot shots
Woot woot! Good week...super productive and busy, just the way I like it!!!
gets to see lil roady in TRE UKER
got two pairs of cartilage piercings today =]
does anyone have my civ pro paper???????????
Errghhh...insomnia suuuuucks! *whines, ears begin to bleed*
After teaching for just 3 weeks, I finally understand the importance coffee plays in people's everyday lives.
*Sigh*
*shrug* Eh.
VILLANOVA WILDCATS > GEORGETOWN HOYAS
mom's coming home tonight. =]]
"And we keep driving into the night. It's a late goodbye, such a late goodbye. And we keep driving into the night. It's a late goodbye-ai-ai-yai." Staying overnight somewhere east of Toledo. Wonder how bad I-80 will be tomorrow.
just learned from Wikipedia what Gropecunt Lane is, and is somewhat abashed.
ITURBI
Done with Finals
thanks everyone, but i decided to get younger this year... :)
didn't sleep 'til 6 am. can't feel ma toes...
is learning... constantly
Can't sleep--landmines in my mind. Awake since 6 AM, ugh...
4th interview: Caltech! California here I come...
Some people say pain can be controlled by the mind. I do not agree with these people. It doesn't mean I don't admire them though.
just elected to the HGLC Executive Board tonite...very honored to serve the caucus.
has just finished my first cup of tea hmmm what can i do today?!!
Avatar: Best Picture
so, i locked the doors on my truck at kim's, because it's a main road and we'd be busy editing the movie. however, when i left, i noticed that i left all my windows open. probably not the safest of security systems
Upon what basis do we judge other people? Is it ithe experiances that we ourselves have, or the belifes in which we hold?
got my transformers shirt. its cuute =]]
Thanks friends, I had a really special birthday :)
Musta been, I dunno, sleep-spelunking or somethin last night-cos I woke up with a fucked up knee. I'ma try to rest this wkend & rid myself of the Mysterious Plague of Atlanta that drained me all week; wish there was a cure for excessive nihilism, though. *makes face*
“Be the change you want to see in the world.”
"I'm Covered in Bees!"
<3
spending the next few hours reading about Language Arts framework, consonant digraphs and vowel diphthongs...yay...PSYCH!! :(
damn it feels good to be a gangster.
RIP Prague nights Fall semester 2007
There can be no complaints from the Arsenal fans about today's results... wunna get wash off...
Definitely wants more of those Cherry Blossom Trees in Farmtown. They're awesome!
WOOHOO:) is secretly CLEARED:)
Looking to go to the Gator game if anyone is selling a ticket (student or non)
Back from vacation and tired
Yea, so, *PROPNAME*'s reading assignment...not due tomorrow. Just letting you guys know.
The latest and newest diet plan that works! Its in the news http:////xs.md//KPV
Just went skateboarding for the first time in my life. It'll be a few days practice before I can make it through campus.
Thank You.
heard the pres was on the TV tonight
Done with 5 apps!
second season of the Paper Chase is being released this December. Sweeeet.
jazz is so pleasant :).... bliss
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=K3LF-cTzkWU
Car Search 2009=driving me mad! No jetpacks on ebay (I checked) so that's out. Rollerblading'd surely break my ass. Motorcycle=me smeared across the pavement. Mopeds are...small. No horse handy or I could Amish it up w// a little cart! Bikeseats hurt my delicate posterior. Boats don't travel well on land. Don't think Segways go fast enough to get anywhere-I'd probably fall off anyway. Hurry up & invent transporters!!
Not doing too well in the coordination department today. I ran the motorbike up some stair this morning and almost ate it just now (yet again on some stairs)
thinks Oviedo play was awesome (as it should be. Sleep, though-- she beckons sweetly with the promise of dreams and pillow-related comfort. Night all.
Bout to go to sleep. Goodnight for tonight. Yoooo that just rhymed
Today was a much needed day off !! Back to a fake smile tomorrow, but rejuvinated by friends tonight.
everyone come to the everyone come to the Chick-Fil-A on highway 29(by screenplay) !!!!and come to the car wash!!!!!!:):):):) our JROTC program is having a carwash come and get you car washed.
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it. -----Grouch Marx
I may be the only *PROPNAME* in the world - I'm definitely the only one on Facebook.
It's a beautiful day in a neighborhood, a beautiful day in a neighborhood, somewhere else in the world...
loves her work and coworkers!
mmm waffles n_n
all the statues in town came to life. but they'd been watching long enough to know not to move.
s first day of work was rough. Nice, but rough.
, in the post office, with the long-overdue copy of Photoshop for a friend. I win at the game of Clue.
Winter break, be here already!
likes Laramie.
is grateful for The Threshold's ministry...I could sit in Taize for hours.
~ [...my phone is being lame today...] ~
"Great ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance."
~ blasting screamo and there's no one to give me a hard time about it. :D
you know when you work your @$$ off for a really long time and then finally one day it all pays off? today was that day :)
Facebook is very hard to navigate with everything written like a pirate. I'll just have to adjust :)
...?
hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find it
is addicted to Tap Tap Revenge on his Ipod and thinks it could make a great experimental paradigm for studying motor learning
"Oh hi; I'm here from the Internet.", "What are you doing!?", "Gluing Captions to your cats."
at the library knockin out some legal writing homework
I saw you smiling at me... was it real or just my fantasy...
Excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!
if i can write a screenplay in two days i can submit it to a festival. fat chance of that
retreat in a couple of hours... nervous. meh!
Fly Eagles Fly! On the road to victory! Fight Eagles Fight! Get a touchdown one, two, three... (four, etc. etc.) :)
"I suggest we learn to love ourselves before it's made illegal"
had a good day out, met family from mauritius i didnt know i had, brought amber nearly an entire new wardrobe, bike and other goodies!!!
can't believe shes not returning to the u of i
~ goin' to college.
s heart is on its way back to Fort Wayne.
Dish n' Dat in Canton for my bday celebration. And moderate drinking, by me at least. I will not be pulling a *PROPNAME*
....black hair now =]]
is thinking about *PROPNAME* 's words - "It feels like - electricity. Yeah, electricity."
has nothing to do today.
is off to bed!!! so tired
~ *PROPNAME*'s swing dancing equals epic. xD
Only one level left on Grand Fantasia, then I am a Palidin!
I know Grad School is having an effect on me when I read my vending machine selection as "C-naught". Mmm Ritz bits.
thinks tonight was a pretty good night, even if *PROPNAME* is incapable of finding bathrooms in Strada
Ok lady I love you buh-bye! *finally leaves house*
up nice and early....heading to melb soon, *PROPNAME* is coming today WOOHOOO!!!
has bought stripey Toe socks.
"La Vie En Rose"- there are no words. Absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.
this is the best morning ive had in such a long time! im loving it!
is at work! >.<
is in a good mood, which is a nice change.
"Friends, you shall drip rubies. You'll soon drip precious rubies."
has magic on the brain.
is happy. Simple as that.
SLEEP>WAKE UP>EAT>MORE WALLS AND FLOORS!
I was never a huge Michael Jackson fan, but for some reason I can't stop thinking about how sad I am that he passed away... I can't believe it.
finished one essay. Another four-paged essay to go. But first, a 3 hour nap. :3
has Cable:)
“It is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which, to put it mildly, makes one an outsider. I'm all right when I completely immerse myself in work, but I'll always remain half crazy.” *PROPNAME*
Cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of MJ's kids....
cut her hair again. Short. Again.
What was LSU thinking?
orientation creeps closer and closer like a birthday cake on wheels.
*PROPNAME* 
phone = dead; chat with me here
is now on (the) twitter. This had better be worth it.
working from 7am til 3pm then who knows what i'll be doing
so... Dear Facebook, .. you deactive your account, and after you activate it all your groups are gone - Pleasant surprise huh!
is taking care of *PROPNAME* post-sinus surgery...he is sans a giant fistful of polyps. Yeah!
Wishes that the curveballs would stop coming soon.
Strawberries make everything better :)
Whew.
Es momento de aprender a dejar ir las cosas. Por favor, que aquella luz, guía mía, me lleve a los lugares indicados.
is watching "eraserhead".....this freaky boston weather today is perfect weather for david lynch film.
Penguins don't have pockets.
i need a massage. Now. Any takers?
GO BEARS!!!
is doing a survey for £5.
2 more classes, a quiz to fail, a long-awaited nap, and maybe dinner if i feel like getting up.
i really cant wait til next week: vbs AND living at maddies =]] hahahahaha
I have hardly given more information in the octameter,heptameter, hexameter, or pentameter than there is in the tetrameter- of course the boys are sleeping, you can't wake someone who isn't and a very roof is still a roof. "The Ode Less Travelled." *PROPNAME*
would love a rainbow race right now! :(
is on a tour of Asia. Burmese Saturdays, Japanese Sundays, Mongolian Mondays, Thai Tuesdays.... suggestions?
made my 1st iMovie! My fave clips of me dancing to Aerosmith "Crazy"...haha :)
misses the the sound of the wind's voice and the whispering of the tree's
Well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :D - just 1 show left
has Shiny, Greeny-Blue Hair! Fuck Yeah!
Getting my son to take a nap is like pulling teeth.
had a wonderful night with family and friends... the night cap was wonderful though... WEEEEE!! I got my shirt!!!
Everyone drank all the beer, all the spirits, But the one can of strongbow still remains!
"when you look annoyed all the time, people think you're busy."
I don't know where my mind is in this moment. It's so fleeting; emotion. I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. And like *PROPNAME* says, a shotgun just leaves a messed up wall. Ah well. Random thoughts. Better go to bed before that crap goes deeper.
is having things finalized....
spent 1 hour in the car, 2 hours in Potomac Mills, only went to 2 stores, and got just a cup out of the whole day. WOW.
Seriously, if a guy that you're dating ever says or does anything to you that is really f*ed up, then leave immediately. Do not just keep hoping things will change for the better...they really WON'T.
can finally be on the net at the same time as her husband.... hooray!
Breaking hearts is part of who you are.
is going to sleep... soon
just got a kitten!!! Any name ideas for the itty bitty kitty?
is all tricked out...dang that pole class was hard!! All the more reason to go back next week...
Who wants to meet up on schedule pick-up day at Oviedo?
Off to Gold coast this weekend WOOHOO!!!
done with work...for now
Typical, just when I'm finally able to go out again it's blowing a gale and bloody raining...
Mmm... Liquid Kryptonite!
is in love. With *PROPNAME*.
pineapple
"No one lets charms in the vehicle in the entire United States Marine Corps."
Greatly dislikes the USPS. They damaged my christmas card :(
Scifi Club meeting at Mai's tonight (7th St. and 2nd Ave., East Village) @ 8pm!!! Please send back if you can be there so we can get an idea of how many people will be there (in case we need a reservation).
Oy, Jiminator--this bring back any college memories, lol? "I got BLOOD on my hands and there's no remorse; I got BLOOD on my DICK cause I fucked a corpse..." When I hear it I think of you, haha! :D
Bush was a symptom, not a cause.
How long of an extension cord would I need to keep my phone plugged in at home and go to *PROPNAME*?
moved in yesterday, got victoria moved in today, and now we're just..hangin out. in our room sweet room. outdoor concert and comedy tonight? yay!
bored and watching the hockey game.
Q: Will *PROPNAME* be going to Miami to watch the saints win the superbowl? A: No, No she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks? hmmm....hmmmm... fml :(
Been Watching Pocoyo. You know you're jealous , Bitches!
Why is it I'm only getting the urge to draw when I have stuff to do for school? D;
The Eyes! The Red Squirrel Eyes!
Excited to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* tonight, run *PROPNAME*, and see the weight fall off my butt!
I AM A HUMAN NOT A SANDWICH!!!
quad day, got some fantastic posters, donated blood...productive day.
just took her first hot shower in a month:)!!! Yupeee... It felt SO good;)
is annoyed with herself
was right. :) Today was pretty much fantastic, all around.
Has self-diagnosed with Vestiphobia.
is out of cinnamon toast crunch =[
District 9: not perfect but definitely lives up to the hype
is so sleepy it's not even funny that's she can't get to sleep.
Never enough
GO HOUSE CLAVER!!!!!!!
just moved into my dorm... which I share w// 4 guys. ??
superfastinternet is beautiful.
is saying Lord take my hand, cover me and take me beyond what I understand.
Apparently you're not a golfer.
is stupid
using facebook as procrastination for practicum applications...beautiful lol
I lost.....my ex is in a relationship before me
"I believe in love. It's just my heart that keeps turning me down. I believe in love, I think it's just fine."
Haha the *PROPNAME* montage where he's talking about how he's a great leader and a really nice person and they're juxtaposing it with all these clips of him being a jerk... so perfect! He's still one of the guys I'm rooting for though.
What would bacon do?
One syllabus down, one to go, but I got distracted.
"Ah *PROPNAME*. Big Giant Robot Camels."
loong day tomorrow. not looking forward to it. hopefully i did ok on my mid term for history. =p
i require 4 farmville gifts that are not one of the following trees//animals: peach, bananananana, date, passion fruit, pomegranate, lime, lemon, avocado, pig, duck, sheep, goat, or horse. you shall be rewarded in the afterlife :)
is studying hard for the G.R.E.
elsker Oslo.
dakota fanning's getting beat up on robot chicken heh hehh..excellent.
Woah. AWESOME PARTY!!!!
Royal Instiution Christmas Lecture. Trees Are EVIL!
Ecco la marcia ...la marcia marcia arcia cia a...
My new favorite word is Weltanschauung :-)
thinks she needs to stop leaving so many pictures half-done before getting new ideas.
had a good time watchin London Wasps lose in the cold today ://
misses *PROPNAME*. I wish we could kick back and have a quiet evening tonight.
and *PROPNAME* sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G... <3
Merry Christmas Eve! Being a good girl today, going to the gym and then church! ?
Sick as a dog and hoping it doesn't snow too much.
Schoools out for... Winter?
I really want to watch Gladiator right now
is sick
is in awe of the cycle of life after visiting a 103 year old woman and then hearing the heartbeats of three little triplets at 28 weeks in their mommy's tummy! back to back hospital visits -- being a pastor is so cool. people pay us to do this?? (not that
trecked through the wetness only to discover that class was canceled......
Whooop! Runshaw's Off. To the Sledging...
Last night I dreamt that I was a real housewife of ATL, and NeNe was trying to start some drama with me! I was ready to fight her! Then I woke up...
"We operate by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."
@ BUENOS AIRES: ARGENTINA :)
getting out, getting out, not staying in the house...
I'm not quite sure how I feel about having my singing voice compared to *PROPNAME* (especially when the boyfriend makes the comparison).
amber likes Beyonce its funny, everytime i put one of her songs she starts dancing like crazy and singing
grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(
got a hair cut.
hates wearing contacts to work.
just for the record, kim just made me log into her account to harvest her farmville raspberries
"How impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust!"-*PROPNAME*. They don't make writers like they used to.
Free Bar on Thursday!!!
I need some CHEESE!
Reality check. We are fortunate. Prayers for Haiti.
I have *PROPNAME* on the brain. ugh... one of these days I will remember to write about a topic other than intellectuals in colonial eras.... UGH
i just realized, due to not being able to sleep, that i never settled the debate i started a few weeks ago. regarding cavemen vs. astronauts, "cave men win. of course the cave men win." if you don't agree, take it up with fred
graduation!! ;D
hey everyone! What A Wicked Gang Are We Below by Streetlight Manifesto!
The way we were, The chance to save my soul, And my concern is now in vain. Believe the word, I will unlock my door, And pass the cemetery... gates
"So judge me by my actions. Maybe some will be scared enough to wake from their walking dream state"
does not know if her english essay is due 2moz or monday...
always says, whatever doesn't kill you makes you luckier.
Wine is Umbrella.
BEARS WIN
gonna be in the city about a week to work at New Life Church in Elmhurst for the little kiddies! :) yay!
damn im tired, need sleep. must go to work, sleep after if possible
"The eternal passion stretches me apart" ---> "The eternal puhsshuun stroechuuz muh apoooooohh!" Music by *PROPNAME*. Revisions brought to you by the letter F.
House is addictivly depressing
er i Stockholm til tirsdag.
s computer works... exactly like it did when it came out of the box. GG reformatting (unwillingly).
looks sick most of the time.
today was a new day then promptly ate 2 sees candies
Supposedly Hauppauge means "land of sweet water." Somehow I doubt the water's very "sweet" anymore, considering that Hauppauge is now an industrial district...
where is the light that i seek?
Day 1 Patience. Say nothing unkind to your spouse. It is better to say nothing than to say something you will regret later.
busy busy
true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.
NEW SNL!
sophisticasherwood anderson
Naps Suck. Someone shoulda woke me dammit!
My most awesome friend just surprise-attacked me with a present of a dark chocolate bacon bar...drool. Best. Moment. Ever.
is transitioning
I don't mean to seem disrespectful, officer. But god damn, I want like three of you.
wanted to go to Las Haciendas 2nite...
It's official: I'd rather have watched 6 depressing foreign language films than this boring 2-hour long piece of crap called Adventureland
Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, NO. Rocky, Tomato, Sheep, GO!
only 14 chapters left to read...
has the flu and is under quarantine. No school, no computer. Stuck in bed.
Nothing personal against you all as a species, ants, but mi casa es just not su casa.
Having a job again is weird, but welcome.
Faring alright, I s'pose...just sore, and scouring the universe for used Toyotas & Hondas... Need transportation, STAT! Anyone with input on the car front, please comment! Hope everyone's Halloween rocked...
Is watching Sweeney Todd (forgot it was a musical xD)
it's so cold outside!!! hot cocoa anyone? :D
needs a vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!
was told today (by a nurse at the hospital) that "a pastor is the last thing she would take me for." which begs the question...what is the first thing she would take me for?
is quickly learning that when making a French dish to be prepared to pour whole bottles of wine into the sauce lol
Oh the irony... I am a dork.
and the Bucs pull it out in Overtime! Way to go!
has renewed enthusiasm for life. I can't wait to get started on all the things that need doing.
is completely disappointed with the *PROPNAME* movie.
Me da is my hero right now...he found me some fucking NYQUIL!! 25 hours awake is waaaay more than enough (especially when I'm sick). Going to go smoke with the ghost in the back of my head (heyy, random little-remembered song reference!). GOODNIGHT FOLKS!!
I just moved everything that was on my Myspace to this "wonderful" site. I really don't even know why. I was bored maybe? I bet I'll hardly ever use it.
Got the new iPhone 3GS. Don't ask how, I won't tell you. But thank you.
If you can't walk in heels take a taxi... Coco Chanel
Face the facts. Then act on them. It's the only mantra I know, the only doctrine I have to offer you, and it's harder than you'd think, because I swear humans seem hardwired to do anything but. Face the facts. Don't pray, don't wish, don't buy into centuries-old dogma and dead rhetoric. Don't give in to your conditioning or your visions or your fucked-up sense of... whatever. FACE THE FACTS. THEN act.
is rearranging her room. :D. Much fun.
just bought Five Finger Death Punch: The Way of The Fist as well as Breaking *PROPNAME*: Dear Agony, dilemma or what?! Votes below :)
WTF...did I like, get Mono or something in Atlanta (and how would I get Mono there? I don't make out with my relatives, ew!)? I've felt consistently crappy and out of it ever since I came back. Meh. In other news, thanks to Lorna, I have "Unpack Your Adjectives" stuck in my head, lol...
Spit it so hard it oughta be a crime.
had CLOGS for tea was soooo goood! now havin a beer :)
so tired cant wait to get home to see my baby girl!
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name. Then copy and paste this as your status. Put the first entry for your name under comments.
dear kiss 95.7 and kc 101. could you possibly get off lady gaga's jock for 2 seconds and play a different song? thank you
will be up very late so she can ride with her dad to the airport to pick up her mamacita from a (as of now) 11:20 PM landing in from Illinois.
good day today. =]]
is excited that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* will be in Denver soon!
has a gold medal. In taekwondo.
is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place
Had a great time seeing everyone at OCB today!
I guess it all depends on your mood...why can't these meds be any damn good ?
Though (*PROPNAME* < *PROPNAME*) they both = amazing. <3
thinks that she needs some numbers from friends.
dreading the Family Law exam tomorrow. Last one, but ugh....
~ haha, *PROPNAME* is awesome. xD
FUCK RHODE ISLAND
Look at spot. Spin. Attempt to find spot. WHERE IS SPOT? Oh. Behind me. That was not 360 degrees. Darn.
It's beginning to look a lot like Washington around here.
gets jittery from coffee. Bring it on! RAWR!
prom madness!
"Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills, I can write it better than you ever felt it"
looking for *PROPNAME* in Boston//Providence - anybody know anything?
WOW New Orleans.
Sick of this nihilistic depression shit--fine, life may be meaningless, I may be right about all the other disturbingly bleak shit I've been thinking...but I'm not a self-killer so I'm stuck here--might as well pull it together and live this crazy life I've got anyway, eh? Some change is in the works (just in time for the New Year, ironically).
I heart rockband. and the beatles. and my bandmates
gotta love writers block...ugh
I'm flu free. Anyone wanna do something, cause i'm really bored.
<3 *PROPNAME*'s ginger candy.
We are not who you think we are. We are Golden.
Chillin out to some "Counting Crows"...
is back.
~ the kittens have officially been named. *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.
By allowing all of life's colors to penetrate us, we become more integrated...
went to Riot Fest this weekend with *PROPNAME*!
plodchetata:)
is hooked on BONES. ;)
: control arms
come on Bears...
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOhahahaah YES! I finally made it to 1,000 words on my social analysis paper (alec helped)
Avatar is my new favorite movie of all time!! So awesome! ? Neytiri...seriously the prettiest alien ever
arniuho :(
is cooking with *PROPNAME*!
is making homemade mini quiches for *PROPNAME*!!!
.... and it's been so long since I've seen the ocean, guess I should.
has to rewrite a part of her story because she thinks she accidentally deleted it. ):
just got back from the pool. Wow, I'm exhausted...
knows that God is carrying her. Without Him this would be too much. "Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life. (Proverbs 4:23) Lord, I know your love is enough for me. :-)
What do you call a gun with three barrels?
is excited to come home but... I don't want to leave Oslo. :(
is taking care of *PROPNAME* and his first cold. Mommy no likey.
studying in the morning, teaching after noon, then class till 10pm...I feel like my day is backwards
Watching a bunch of movies. I'm starting with "The Quiet Earth"
Undecided about seeing "The Fourth Kind" after reading a ton of horrible reviews on it...
I've got yellow fever! :p
2.5!
has early work blargedy-argdey-blah. Minimuuum waaaage, I looove youuu.
I have submitted!
back to the polonaise fantasie. 4 pages done. at this miserable rate the piece will be ready in a decade.
Getting another potential car checked out by my mechanic tomorrow...god I hope one of these fucking things works out soon! *blows up apartment*
Starbuck's Caramel Apple Spice = <3
is more bark, less wag today.
I don't want to go to class today carrying a stupid tri-fold board with me in the wind. ehhhhh...oh well. i have to.
*PROPNAME*'s kids won in KBXX-97.9 "MADD HATTA'S ELVES" Christmas contest. They get to go to an invitation only Christmas party at Dave & Busters Monday morning. Unfortunately. *PROPNAME*'s daddy does not want to let him go because of all the CPS stuff.
is looking forward to Taize tonight...
I'm still mad that I got into Jazz Band (the good one even) but I can't do it because of Thermo. THIS IS THE FIRST TEMR OF COLLEGE I WILL NOT GET TO PLAY MUSIC. GRAWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!
yay!! im finally goin 2 c avatar :D
Traffic makes me SO angry...but I don't know who to be angry at! Grrrr so frustrating!!
is so watching Lilo & Stitch.
"And life is thorny, and youth is vain; And to be wroth with ones we love doth work like madness in the brain."--Samuel Taylor Coleridge
I wish I was in NYC and seeing *PROPNAME* tomorrow night....
Friends in MA always say Texas elects idiots, well now I have a come back...thanks *PROPNAME*.
WHO EATS ICE CREAM AT CHRISTMAS?!
can someone please hire a band of ninja assassins to kill me so i don't have to right my social analysis paper?
Is disappointed that his new watch did not come in a Heart-Shaped Box. Cringe I know but I'm bored :(
Go Navy!
Ah, love at first sight. When you see someone so beautiful that you forget they aren't there just for you.
Awesome! First sunny day in ages...but now it's coldddddddddder again! :) :(
Eh, why the hell not: THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING. Lets see how honest my FB friends are. Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes ME. It can only be 1 word. No more than 1 word. Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you. Wonder how many brave friends will do this.
The Mighty Boosh is completely mad but completely awesome. It has soothed my disgruntled sadness with its peculiar brand of British inanity...and interpretive dance. *nodnod*
well dish n' dat happy hour was a bad idea :)
This morning my dad said "it smells weird in your apartment." Found the culprit--something in my dad's house upstairs sprung a leak...right through my bedroom ceiling, saturating my bedroom. My mattress, lots of pillows, some expensive clothes and some beloved posters I was saving...are all ruined. And the water's still leaking! Grrahhhh...
is watching The Godfather trilogy back to back on Blu-Ray :D
In The Loop on Opera: “It's just vowels, subsidized foreign f***ing vowels.” Hahahahaha
now that i've been released from the clutches of retail it's time for some friends and family. merry xmas eve peeps
Almost killed myself trying to get a piece of non-existent parchment paper from my spider infested basement. Also, why would we buy Amish fruit salad? These are the questions
wants to go to the Cuban-Puerto Rican festival tomorrrrrrrow
is headed to the Franciscan Retreat Center in Colorado Springs for the SoulJourners Retreat...
3- Day weekend! Going to Chaing Mai! If anyone is going to be there, call us!
is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.
just began his first involuntary, five-day furlough. So sad.
savner Norge...
It's getting a mite windy out there...
XD Black Hair!!!
And then, I got food poisoning.
hel dag i biblioteket... fjuck
had dinner with one of her favorite teachers and is FINALLy home....
ugh. dont feel good again.....ugh
jeg mener at jeg har H1N1 i lungene
Ginger & Lemon tea works wonders lol
My dogs are so hood.
don't feel like working today
"In awe I watched the waxing moon ride across the zenith of the heavens like an ambered chariot towards the ebony void of infinite space wherein the tethered belts of Jupiter and Mars hang forever festooned in their orbital majesty. And as I looked at all
is wondering if anyone from the burbs is going down to u of i this weekend? party before the youngins start class?
it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a BIRDPLANE
helps the police, because nice police are nice to me! XD
"Jätkät hei, mä lähen meneen ny ihan oikeesti" "Hei Ankku hei, ennen ku lähet ni kato mitä mä toin sulle" "Ei jumalauta, hyvännäkönen. Siis eiks tää oo siis...." "On on, sixpack, kyllä" "Eihän sun ois tarvinnu hyvä mies, sitä paitsi meill' on noita väkeviä" "Nii nii, mut aamuks!"
is going to try drawing upstairs. Didn't work so well in the car. Usually a change of atmosphere helps.
is reading Master and Fool, the convoluted finally to The Book of Words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... Such a Nerd. >.<
Sleeep Tomorrow. Vimto Now.
I paid everything to roll the dice, just one more time.
i hate it when my mom leaves...=[[
someones going to get it soo bad later, UGH!!
super tired. i have class at 7 and wont be home til around 6. =[[
feels absolutely great =D
watchin benny and joon =)
is in Georgia tomorrow, then to Florida Saturday, and back to Georgia Sunday.
has officialy decided that *PROPNAME* is named after *PROPNAME*.
doesn't want to go to work in and hour and a half - if at all. Too bad I need the money...
got booze all i need now is a drinkin buddy
actually doesn't mind coloring with markers as much as she thought. Yay for coloring vividly creepy villainesses! :D
will be at her Women's Law class tonight - it's always a fun one!
I just saw an...interesting...car commercial. According to said commercial, apparently "Twilight's *PROPNAME*" drives...a Volvo. A Volvo. A vampire...in a Volvo.* Wow...I didn't think that that character could get any lamer; I was wrong! *No offense to Volvo owners, the cars are fine...but 'Mister (supposedly) SuperAwesome Vampire' driving one? LOL.
IS going to warped tomorrow! =D =D (close one!) gah! so happy =]
mom: i'm sitting on main street like a hooker
2 people today mentioned that my Wall is disabled from being posted on...I didn't even know! Lol, changed it...post at will I guess. *shrug!* In other news...YAY CARTOONS! "YEEES, we have no// bananas// todaaaaayyy!"
500 Days of Summer was very very good =D
Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace. ---Oscar Wilde
My firstborn turned 21 years old today. :}
~ Mystery Retreat
expansion. and chicken coops. send me chickens :)
GO CAVS!
s mom just said, "*PROPNAME*'s right!" LOL!
Today is another day. You dont get better by making a right choice once. You get better by making the right choice... everyday... over and over again...
"the verdict falls like bachelors for bad-luck girls"
cheers to the freakin weekend!
the glass passenger =]
saw Corialanus at the Globe today. Now where's Dido?
Hopes no one else bought a baby book for *PROPNAME*... I'm up to three now!
Tell me that you're all right, and everything is all right.
Toblerone, Darth Vader? And then you stab him.
ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx
Is having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.
Leebrary
omg.... peopleofwalmart.com
www.thejokerblogs.com
abburido...
Mulan... Fuck Yeah! lol
How many really know what love is? Millions never will Do you know until you lose it That it's everything that we are looking for When I wake up in the morning You're beside me I'm so thankful that I found Everything that I been looking for
merry christmas eve y'all. i shall celebrate by working at b&n making drinks for annoying last minute shoppers. i know you're jealous, I just hope it doesn't ruin our friendship
I find I'm enjoying tiny poetry. Such as: Rain- My ears hear a drip, drop, splash It's more of a scream, laugh, live And you make it so hard not to be cliche. You pile on my dreams, Like power lines on a sky. Is it raining where you are ?
It's ugly here. But there are sparks...moments. Love.
cant find my phone Grrrrr i think i left it @ mum's ):
Staying in Shinjuku, Tokyo until Wednesday
Does anyone have Skype? just got it
Transformers 2=the best trash I've seen in a long time
Two weddings, one baby shower and a great church service on Sunday! A weekend full of love and encouragement and I know the best is yet to come! "All things work together for the good to them that love God, for them who are the called according to his purpose."
thinks both her and her husband have sleep apnea.
Target is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!
wishes vampire wars didn't take so long to put monies and energy back to your character.
got her books today. rather excited for intro to poetry. read sylvia plath and edwin arlington robinson on the way home =] also, got glasses today. not too sure how i feel about them. didnt not wear them on the way home
i guess no one cares that i gave away the name of my date to the dance on my last post
misael's teahing me a little self defense. hahaha
has decided to quit smoking, havnt had one in 2 days!!
domingo de descanso total
has decided on a new profession: Time-Travelling Porn Star.
still waiting on ps3 and//or an iMac, but i haven't exchanged gifts with steve yet, so i'm holding out hope that it will happen :)
is sermonizing and soothing her sore throat...slowly but surely my health is returning! Thanks be to God!
is still sick...day 8...hopefully by the new year i'll be well...
Far away // This ship has taken me so far away... Goshdarnit, Muse, stop being so awesome.
Thanks folks.
why do some peoples parents take everything out on their kids. it's so stupid and ugghh!!
WHERE THE HELL IS DANI WATSON???? i need my purse back i have to go grocery shopping GRRRRRRrrrrrr
The key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.
Addicted to Les Miserables...
is very well-rested, lol.
YAAAAAAAAAAAY SAINTS!!!! New York is out so Im pulling for you!!
Reading Rainbow was cancelled? Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Had a wonderiferous birthday. :)
left her purse on the train yesterday and it was given to the lost and found!! makes me still belive in the goodness of people.
i hate younger brothers...
It never fails... I go to lay my son down for a nap and someone inevitably begins pounding on something, making it impossible for him to sleep.
poor farrah, poor michael =[
wonders, what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway.
PANTS ON THE GROUND! PANTS ON THE GROUND! LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND!
that took 4ever!
time for more school..in Japan!!
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE! ?
thinks Rhianna's Italian Vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.
was late for her first class this semester, forgot her locker # and combination, bought the wrong book for a class, missed the distribution times for the U-Pass, and loves *PROPNAME*.
is praying for *PROPNAME*...
is sick. And also bored. Someone talk to meee...!
off to mansfield again!!!
gonna play mahjong
URGENT!! Does anyone want to see SONIC YOUTH with DINOSAUR JR. TONIGHT at Terminal 5 in Manhattan (show starts 8 PM)?? Sean is sick and can't go so I have a FREE TICKET to the show, which is SOLD OUT otherwise. If you're interested, drop me a text!! 631-714-9319.
is a little upset about not being able to get a good connection all day. I'll try again tonight....
First day quitting smoking...wish me luck!!!
is about to start reading my new book~library of the dead by glenn cooper seems very interesting :)
drinkin a V8...the taste is growing on me, I no longer feel like I'm drinking soup
i came to win to fight to conquor to thrive, i came to win to survive to prosper i came to FLY
...Los amorosos andan como locos porque están solos, solos, solos, entregándose, dándose a cada rato, llorando porque no salvan al amor.... -*PROPNAME* (se me había olvidado la poesía, gracias jess)
is starting school on Monday... Con Law II, Trial Ad, Animal Law, Veteran's Advocacy, and Sexual Orientation Law... should be interesting.
is wandering about in the Alaskan wilderness like *PROPNAME*.
is living life one day at a time
probably the busiest I have ever been in my life
in Taiwan for 8 hours
does not think its fair we have 2 go back 2 school n friday!
1.) facebook - FIX the update bug on the Share on the Home page. 2.).... ughhh wish i got a relocation package.... 3.) ;( missed the cuban festival... 4.) after barely staying awake all day under the hood now i am wide awake... great timing ...
ordered a real winter coat today! It's been long overdue.
is in Fort Wayne for Labor Day weekend. :D
XC ppl wanting to run @ footlocker saturday online registration has been CLOSED now to register u hav to do it in person @ mt sac on friday
HEADING ON HOME!!!! YEA BITCHES!!! LET THE WINTER GAMES BEGIN! (after i finish my conwest final papers.... ugh!)
s ears are sore haha. worth it! Nothing on the tube.... will continue to study for tmrs psych midterm momentarily =\ meh.
LAW SCHOOL IS TOO HARD!
Feels aweful right now. Why do you get sick like this on weekends only... I better not have to use a sick day tomorrow or I will be pissed.
wants curl up in a ball a lock myself in a closet bc i get the feeling that i will have to repeat english 3 and religion 3 next year
alright . . . thought i was working at noon . . . working at 2. holla
I can really see this Dislike button being abused for very ironic purposes... (Now, joy, I get to read Jane Eyre)
wants to see the season finale of True Blood already!
thinks karma is an amazing thing!!!
beach?!?
s epic wound is starting to heal! Yay!
I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.
wishes *PROPNAME* wasn't stuck in Chicago...how many flights can be cancelled for one person in 48 hours?
is celebrating her new haircut by listening to swinger music and generally looking like a doofus.
Oh right, there is a diction exam tomorrow. Huh.
going out to Martini Park tonight with *PROPNAME*!
is trying to fight it off
Merry Christmas everyone :)
His destructive programming is taking effect. He will be irresistibly drawn to large cities, where he will back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal everyone's left shoe.
Distance tests a horse's strength. Time reveals a person's character....
needs to cut back on Dragon Age.
stomach wants to kill me ://
~ German riddles. Fun, fun. :P
Tentative Examination Schedule, Semester 1, 2009//10. .
"Shit, I didn't pass the bar, but I know a little bit, enough where you won't illegally search my shit."
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain; If I can ease one life the aching, Or cool one pain, Or help one fainting robin, Unto his nest again, I shall not live in vain. - *PROPNAME*
Ok...broken snow shovel, and the plow bastard we called is 2 hours late. Don't mind too much that I'm missing work, but I DO mind that I have no food in the house and wanted to go BUY SOME FUCKING FOOD! That plow motherfucker will be getting my SPACEBOOT up his PLOWTASTIC ASS! As long as I don't pass out from starvation first, hmph.
Is getting married in a little over a month
wants to punch mother nature in the face....rain, fog, and drizzle for a month?!
WOAH, tough day! GO GO GO REGROUP DOMINATE AHHHHH
This teacher got an apple today - and grapes, strawberries, and cream!
Back to work. Trying to get everything cleaned up before the New Year. If you saw my desk, you would understand why I am starting now :)
is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.
is in a really shit mood, fucking ps3 has a "Serious Error" in less than 6 fucking months :@, Also Msn is being a faggot and not letting me speak -.-
has decided he must get a Penguin tattoo.
bruker facebook på SAMISK gahaha
Studying for the bar, please pray for me
" A teenage vow in a parking lot, till tonight do us part " haha love it.
hopes everyone is spending their New Year like I am... with the person they love most. <3
Amadeus is quite possibly the most perfectly made movie *ever*... director's cut bits add even more to the perfection.
avril stuck in my head from yesterdays singing performance. soooo sad
is better, I guess, and finishing up the last Psychology essays.
mi novio aprende español - que bonito impresionante :)
Come to the J.S. Bach Magnificat at noon tomorrow at Hertz Hall!!
[A] This fucking memo takes more than 5 hours and drives the reasonable person fucking crazy. [C] Therefore legal writing fucking "Sucks".
memo-a-thon weekend, :)
enjoyed spending time with one of her favorite people, *PROPNAME*. :-)
I'm almost ready to submit.
loves Jam.
is studying with Lord of the Rings in the background. The holidays are just not the holidays without Lord of the Rings for some reason.
Feeling quite content, in spite of all that 'ails' me. *quirks lips into a serene smile*
went camping and canoeing for the weekend :)
friday yet??
Excellent. All of the new A7X album's Drums will be The *PROPNAME*'s Handiwork.
its that time of the year again!!!!!
“Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.” -Nietzsche
as of yesterday i am officially out of the moon boot!!!!
Sick as a dog and wishing my heat worked better. Hoping for as little snow as possible, under these circumstances!
stunned!!!!!!!
~ to the masquerade!
Yeah, about that hot water....
is excited for the best holiday of the year... Dranksgiving at the Dupage Inn. call to join the festivus
always enjoys the quiet sanctity of the church in the early morning hours on Sunday...
is wondering what one does when hail comes down your chimney and is bouncing all over your living room floor...my first thought is to put a big tupperware in the fireplace to catch it all and then I'd have the awesome kind of crunchy ice that you get at S
Curse you, UCJAS!! Now I'm hooked on *PROPNAME*!! *shakes fist*
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself. -*PROPNAME*
has epically failed her english exam nd is epically even a word?
Hello, to high and dry.
rcc orientation tomorrow morning. =]]
ROADY!!!
Watching the Rose Bowl online isn't as much fun. I have to keep refreshing to find out what happened the last play : ( Go SEC!
is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacation
Cuando la vida misma te ha puesto en un aprieto, ¿qué es lo que se debe hacer?
Soooo frickin' psyched for Atlanta. Getting the fuck outta LI, seeing my superawesome folks, finally getting some proper southern food, and maybe even checking out Decatur nightlife & Williams Street...the word of the day is "YAAAYYYYY!"
Only *PROPNAME* can win "THE GAME"
Thesis approved! NOW can someone give me a job?!
Damn you's a sexy bitch DAMN GIRL!!!
On Vacation in Flordia For week!!
its nice to have unexpected friends whom u talk w once a month or two
is beyond caring i came back here to be happy and live the way i want to live.... my life is in my own hands you cant determine whats gonna make me happy and at peace only i can do that! i dont need anyone as long as i believe in myself!!!
s wireless internet keeps spazzing out every five minutes. It's really annoying. Actually, it's more than annoying, but I haven't gotten angry enough to start using foul language.
Oh, and the 7th of January I'm going for my restricted license... again. Yay.
white
shot the moon!
arni:(
1.5!
sassafras has the sniffles :(
"Coming to work is like being raped by a paper factory."--me (to my dadboss) on working at a law office.
waitin for wato's 2 get here!!! she is takin her sweet time! lol
I want *PROPNAME* the Antelope.
had a great time at the Dekalb County Fair! The concert was fun, the farm animals were cute, and *PROPNAME* was wonderful as always.
is home. <3
Mr Hart's 1L advice: when preparing for the socratic method, remember to think in questions.
wants to crawl into bed already.
in Big Bear until Friday call me if you need me
Happy Father's Day to all you Dads
is watching LOONEY TUNES!
to do or not to do...............
When all I want is something different and you couldn't give it to me... And all you do is lie to me.
Checking out a car in the morning...hope it checks out--I'm not enjoying this carless whatnottery!
BLAAHHHHh what a crappy morning!!!
Hahahha Mad Men. "You can't sing." "Take that back...I quit the Tigertones because I had mono." "I am so high right now." hahaahaha
stress-free... finally
i had an awesome idea for my paper last night in my sleep =]]
tryed to buy a car at LISTED price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industry
is hoping some meditative (aka repetitive) work will pick her up and clear her head today
Sleepytime at last! Bundled up in blankets like fuckin' Jesus inna manger. Or medieval couples that weren't sposed to fuck yet, lol. Fuck off, snow!
having trouble understanding my roommates when they speak Norwegian at 70000 wpm.
like in high school i'm doing ma hw in the early mornin'. and i'm doing it while procrastinating on fb. lol
why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.
His body was found gored to death, as if by a wild animal.
okay fine... i'm going, i'm going...
wasn't disuaded post-media blitz. Still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth, mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and "freedom from want" is a condition better reserved for animals and small children.
Wow, *PROPNAME*...I've never heard anything quite like that in person! My search for similar sounds has led me to *PROPNAME*, so very productive post-concert internet session. SO COOL
Happy New Year!
Rain, rain, go away, don't come back 'til I'm away!
has got a Fever. Anyone know the one and only prescption? lol
is changing gears from "nurse" back to "pastor" as *PROPNAME* is back in Laramie and Sunday morning is coming soon...
"I find it absolutely appalling that anyone could believe that political affiliation would be used to determine who receives medical treatment. That's what race and socioeconomic standing are for."
Of all my 80,000,000 ancestors, one of them MUST be Winnie the Pooh.
The early bird gets the worm...but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap. Words to live by. I do, at least.
is so careful, i cant move
About to go to bed so I can get up early to check out a car tomorrow morn...*crosses fingers* hope this one pans out; the longer I'm trapped, vehicleless, the more likely I am to go completely bloody mad!
just got my labret re-peirced
is afraid of getting raped in the woods by a bear in a clown suit.
Tis the season to cough up weird stuff...yecch.
Crap, I think my eyes hate me. Far away stuff is super blurry now!!!!
invisible
is wishing the williams sisters would lose to stosur//stubbs, but it doesn't look good.
Another day gone...so bored, but too uninspired to do anything creative. *sigh* Still gotta write for you *PROPNAME*. Written any more of that?
isssllliiipp ho gaya ji!!!!
is havin a drink with ash, jaz and tiggs :)
Err:509
just finished "There Are No Children Here." It was horrendous.
has her class ring in with it's changes! Whoop whoop! <3 :D
I don't want to get sick, but I think it's happening anyway :(
why the hell am i still awake
doesn't know how to cope with all of this stress... I think I've cried about 10 times in the last 3 days...
has just completed sexual harassment training - now I can be really good at it!
just does it!!!
is frustrated...
i hate christmas music
Happy Halloween everyone :-)
is anticipating tonight's Criminal Minds!
A kid in my class put a frog down another kids shirt today, along with the branches the frog was in. After the frog, leaves and branches fell out of his shirt, the boys spent 5 minutes trying to catch the frog, while I (the teacher) stood in the corner with the screaming girls afraid of the frog. Then the frog peed on the boy who caught it. Thank God it's a short school week!
first time in a long time... I feel like writing...
lit his fried chicken on fire and now has more stuff to clean. Great.
Well, meds situation is not ideal by any means (zombieish again) but it's a vast improvement on the last few days of horror!
hates being in the house. nowhere to go...ugh
may as well try and catch the wind. dee dee dee dee dee....
I want a puppy dammit.
Novelists sure don't like the suburbs
Not tired, must sleep. Long week ahead, and no weekend. Friday is no longer a day off. Sore all over, but I asked for it. Cig, Loveline, sleep...smile, love, remember.
going to play some piano!
hates airlines!
feliz navidad a todossss.... @ aeropuerto Lima
Pipe dream for the day: Being a Wagnerian soprano. I can shriek but not in tune. :P
"Just let me live my life" -*PROPNAME*
To celebrate Valentine's Day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse//significant other, and make sure to tell how long you've been together!
moves out the day after tomorrow
Bah! Humbug! In other news, I really wanna see Ninja Assassin! In other news...eh, don't matter anyway, nevermind.
snow flurries in suburbia.....what?! so soon....argh!
disappointed in someone who i thought i would never really be disappointed in.
Who can tell me how to not be a fan of something anymore?
Sex, Drugs, Rock 'n' Roll and COOKIES!
i hate to say anything that might offend my facebook peeps, but paranormal activity sucks beyond the telling of it. i cannot remember ever being this disappointed in a movie
Been thinking about adopting a pet?? Chihuahuas arrive at the Manhattan ASPCA Wednesday Jan 13th from 12-7pm. Chichis are the PERFECT city dog, so loyal, extremely loving, highly intelligent with tough new york personality. THEY ARE AMAZING!!
It's surprising how much better *PROPNAME* makes everything
saw a homeless guy on the side of the road holding up a sign that said "Why Lie, Need Beer". Picture to be uploaded soon!
bulgogi turned out tasty after all. congrats to all those with working ovens who roasted a beautiful bird, it's fun hearing your success stories. merry christmas!!
It's insane how much time one has to spend on the telephone with basically everyone in Christendom after a big car accident...blahhhh...deliver me from being on hold all day! *glares at phone*
9am class for tomorrow is cancelled. Huzzah!
I honestly don't know who *PROPNAME* is.
officially hates interpreting poetry.
is back from Impact.
Schools coming so soon!
isn't nyquil supposed to knock your ass out?
Chocolate Fish!
*PROPNAME* is being so naughty today!
Just realized Valentines Day//Chinese New Year is this Sunday, not Saturday...oops
"Walking by the river I...reach my hands to cup the sky. It runs down my arms...a bitter blue. Turn to red, and the gashes grew." God, this song...every word is raw and honest.
is stoked that she is going to hear *PROPNAME* tomorrow night - in Denver! Ah...memories of "Downstairs Cafe" and "Uncle Calvin's" in Dallas and "Club Passim" in Cambridge...
MIL gratci a TODOS por las congratulations :)
AUUUGHH! MY KINDEYS! THE BUTTERY SHRAPNEL! IT BURNS!
hoping its an easy day
dying for first vietnamese food in years. i could dream of pho tonight
enjoyed the Santa Fe Arts Walk tonight!
is having a games night with the girls if anyone is interested in joining???
can't figure out how to get her hair cut. Any suggestions?
i really hate spiders just found a heap of massive black ones on the outside of the house i mean MASSIVE :(
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday in Audubon park!
soooo busy at work!!!!
I quite like my name at the Moment.
will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral.
Hmm...it's hard to play 'find the smell' in your apartment when it's so cold that sniffing the air hurts! But why the fuck does my place smell like a lawnmower anyway?!
Thanksgiving cooking! Fun or stressful, I'll decide later.
doesn't want every status commented on. once in a while is fine but EVERY status? It's starting to get annoying. You know who you are.
just came back from another awesome weekend in Mammoth.
Eid Mubarak :)
And if a ten-ton truck kills the both of us - to die by your side, well, the pleasure, the privilege is mine.
Having a mixed day: got less than 1 hour of sleep (and even that was interrupted sleep!), so I'm kinda white-knuckling it through the workday a bit...but also got the car 'legal' at the DMV--and it only took like 30 minutes! Well, at least I'm too tired to think myself into a funk again!
spews toxic gas into your personal air bubble. It's super effective!
is beginning to understand the correlation between the titles esquire and alcoholic.
nothing yet - it's my day off!
1 more exam... and finishing a take-home. It's almost over.
"What the hell is that, *PROPNAME*?" "Dunno. Some kind of Cat Dinosaur."
~[booooooo..!]~
"look not from the mind, but from the soul. For the life that is coming is already before us, waiting to open up the world. just look more closely. find the eyes to see."
finally done a freaking long 8 hour shift
What? … The Carthaginians are attacking? God, I knew they'd do that. What? … They are attacking over the Alps? Damn, I knew they'd do that. What? … They're coming on elephants? … Where'd they get the elephants? There aren't any elephants in Europe.
thinks some people really need to learn to act their age.
is sick of data
Sic vis pacem, para bellum.
wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol
is very excite for today and this weekend.
is ready for bigger and better things!!!
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm mnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewq
Almost forgot it was Sunday night...yay for new Venture Bros. eps! (My preciousssss...) But DUDE, who saw the Metalocalypse season premiere? When that "surprise thing" happened I literally screamed in joy (woke up my dad, lol)! Maybe semi-expected but still, WOOT!
is thinking, what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called, "Pig Out in the Park"
If an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the world's great literary works in Braille
only the cool kids are on facebook at 12:30 on a saturday night. : )
um, mother nature . . . i love thunderstorms as much as the next person, but this is the 3rd one today. could you get your shit together? thank you.
alone in marin...5 more pages, thanks lindow... rudy home in less than 2 days... Oslo 8 days!
I haven't opened the blinds yet but from the sound of the wind and the rain I think that the world may be about to end...
I talked to a guy today who was convinced chemical engineering was "mixing elements to make things that use chemicals." Might make more sense if he didn't mean it literally. Oh well.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and the cards. You guys made last week special. :)
Hello My name is *PROPNAME*, Human Cyborg relations... :) <3 to fam for actually watching the film with me last night... classic!!
Tahtako is small and no one speaks English, but the people are friendly!
Thanks for the birthday wishes. You guys are awesome.
Where The Wild Things Are looks soooo good!
Truth and Beauty are wonderful words. But shrapnel is shrapnel. And at the end of the day I am alone with the things I have done.
is thinking of possibly doing something interesting tonight depending on whatever it might be
"... it's a very dangerous time, the coalition for reason is extremely weak."
is addicted to *PROPNAME* biographies...don't ask me about her unless you have like 30 minutes to listen to me rave about how much I love her...I am so obsessed with her life story! Such an interesting person!
YAY booked in for family portraits :)
is leaving tomorrow. wtf.
Cannot believe it is Wednesday already!
I think my part of the RP forum is done... we will need some moderators so anyone interested please send a meassage to me on here and I will get you set up with an account and send a linky.... thanks!
Napalm is Nature's Toothpaste.
