I guess this is our last goodbye | And you don't care, so I wont cry | But you'll be sorry when I'm dead | And all this guilt will be on your head | I guess you'd call it suicide | But I'm too full to swallow my pride.R.I.P MJ<3 Sumir.RIP *PROPNAME*...Walked out this morning, dont believe what I saw | A Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore | Seems Im not alone at being alone | A Hundred billion castaways, looking for a home...You always knew just how to make me cry | And never did I ask you questions why | It seems you get your kicks from hurting me | Don't try to understand me | Because your words just aren't enough | Love is a feeling | Give it when I want it | Quench my desTokyo.went out for dinner with a man who just happened to be a host. True story.Hey all! My American Phone is officially off! Don't call or text it anymore, k?And we can live in a beautiful world hide away under peaceful skies. We can survive on time and a word feel the nights passing by.I've finally gotten around to uploading all of my Japan pictures so far. I know there are an unbelievable amount of them (forgive me, I love taking pics), but enjoy them!ALLIANCE, n. In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other’s pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.missed teaching at the elementary school Thursday... -sad-wants to fall in love~Woke up late and didn't get to eat breakfast today -sad- I'm so hungry...I want someone to buy me dinner."The greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy, to drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather into your bosom his wives and daughters."I always make it a rule to let the other fellow fire first. If a man wants to fight, I argue the question with him and try to show him how foolish it would be. If he can't be dissuaded, why then the fun begins but I always let him have first crack. Then when I fire, you see, I have the verdict of self-defence on my side. I know that he is pretty certain in his hurry, to miss. I never do.I want to be loved, but you don't seem to love me | I'm wandering aimlessly within this repetition | And the answer I found is only one; that even if I'm scared, even if I'm hurt | I'll say "I love you" to the person I loveSo bored.“?????” ???????? ???????? You and I ???? ??????? ????? ???????????? ???????? “I want to see you” right now! Even though I want to shout it. I no longer can say “you and I” Even if I try to force it. I can’t catch you Back then you used to be in my armsBut you’re gone now.is missing you."In the absence of orders, find something and kill it." -*PROPNAME*"I have a ship and a fighting crew and a girl with lips like wine, and that's all I ever asked. Lick your wounds, bullies, and break out a cask of ale. You're going to work ship as she never was worked before. Dance and sing while you buckle to it, damn you! To the devil with empty seas! We're bound for waters where the seaports are fat, and the merchant ships are crammed with plunder!"Lupin, like Mr. Huttle, has original and sometimes wonderful ideas; but it is those ideas that are so dangerous. They make men extremely rich or extremely poor. They make or break men. I always feel people are happier who live a simple unsophisticated life. I believe I am happy because I am not ambitious.Like fire, Hellfire, This fire in my skin. This burning, desire, Is turning me to sin. | It's not my fault; I'm not to blame. It is the gypsy girl; The witch who sent this flame | It's not my fault; If in God's plan. He made the devil so much stronger than a manLa~st Christmas, I gave you my heart. The very next day, you gave it away... This year, to save me from tears, I'll give it to someone special.I hope the survivors in Haiti receive aid quickly...I will be in Tokyo on the 10th! Anyone want to entertain//be entertained by me while I'm there?I like Asahi Super Dry... very much.Your face.Slowly walking down the hall, Faster than a cannonball~ Where were you while we were getting high? Someday you will find me, Caught beneath the landslide, In a champagne supernova in the sky~~~Will be in Tokyo all of Wednesday morning~ Does anyone want to hang out?
Who needs Twitter when you have Facebook?New Guitar Hero = Freeeeeeeeebiiiiiiiiiird!4 publications in 10 years, yo I can divide// That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due// One was - NAHHH, the other was in the Journal of Mathematics// That's a one hot publication every ten year average// And that's so - LAAAAAAAME!BET Awards tonight at 8My personality spans, too numerous A gentleman, intelligent, athletic, a thug and I'm humorous*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*: 3 great men doing great things in 2009.Can Obama will the US to victory over Brazil Sunday?Ok, who wants to go to LA with me Tuesday for the MJ memorial service?After 3 tracks of Illmatic in the car today, my grandma turns to me and says "Turn off this noise and put on Michael Jackson!" Pricelesslamborghini murcielagoOff to Cornell for a week of probability.Goodbye *PROPNAME*.Im serious, I have an extra ticket for the MJ funeral. Who wants to go?Take me to a place without no nameDoes anyone know where I can find the firefighter's test from the *PROPNAME* case that is causing *PROPNAME* so much consternation.Forget fireworks, I want to see the *PROPNAME* funeral.Im sort of half expecting MJ to come dancing out of the hospital singing ThrillerOff to Orlando for the weekendBET Awards Sunday at 8. I will not forget this year.loves hiding uninteresting people on his newsfeed."Im going to University of Maryland, but I spent the summer at HARVARD." ~ AdweebFlight delayed 2 hrs , but Orlando Intl Airport has free wireless!Off to see whats left of the Beach Boys (I go white one day a year)Get around round round I get around Still down with the Underground When I come aroundtime to swimGoing surfing with *PROPNAME*"Why is America like Michael Jackson? Both achieved their peaks with a moonwalk performed decades ago" ~ *PROPNAME*Today at the gym I saw on TV that Michael Jackson was dead. I was so shook up I couldn't keep working out. Also, I will do anything to skip dumbell lifts. They really suck.Ready for Summerfest!*PROPNAME* was not as cool as I thought he would be.15It's all about control and if you can take it.One is apt to overestimate beauty when it is rare ~ *PROPNAME*could only gaze on *PROPNAME* from afar today at Disney World:(Off to Chi-town for some Information TheoryIt is time to return to HogwartThere are too many imitation *PROPNAME*'s on Facebook.I wanna do bad things to you...Only engineer to rewrite history without a pen// No RFID on my Mac, let the story begin....begin...beginNothin's equivalent to a New York state of mind.Back in Boston finally.*PROPNAME* wrote that "pure democracy" doesn't work because "there is nothing to check... an obnoxious individual." Then, in the margins, he doodled a picture of *PROPNAME* the Plumber.I will show you *PROPNAME*'s birth certificate when you show me *PROPNAME*'s high school diploma.This year for Eid I want to see my Muslim president on all the morning talk shows at once.Just got the new *PROPNAME* album!Ok change of plans again, and back to Gekko.An evening with Gorden Gecko.In LAActually most people on Twitter are old Republicans who don't know how to use Facebook or who are morally opposed to "poking" strangers.Cant a man enjoy his Nobel Peace Prize for a day? Just for a DAY!?Headache*PROPNAME*Change of plans: an evening with *PROPNAME* instead.And now it is time for the Yankees to break the curse of bin Laden.is hooked on KatamariArab money ready to goAnd finally, thanks to capitalism, the curse of bin Laden is broken. GO YANKEES! Now let's rebuild those towers and get out of Afghanistan.In 2 years went from *PROPNAME* to *PROPNAME*...is going to learn Japanese.Ugggh, why did I eat those donuts? Never again!will not be compromised by some puny prodigal pathetic pitiful pusillanimous putrid punk from BangladeshJay-Z in a tux at the American Music Awards... PricelessHappy Eidsgiving"I don't have to explain anything to you solecistic amoebas" ~ *PROPNAME*Shippin off to VancouverHappy Birthday 40th Jay-Z!will boycott any sponsor pulling their Tiger Woods advertising. Gillette, Gatorade, you've been put on notice.*PROPNAME* is going to NY for her next concert on Nov. 22nd*PROPNAME* makes me wanna be a Republican.RIP *PROPNAME*Tomorrow, we snowboard.has just finished watching the Wire, and it was awesome.Senator *PROPNAME* reminds me of Senator *PROPNAME*, but considerably more treacherous.In KABUUUUUUUUUUL! Desert city bringin down empires There's nothin we can do Now we're in KABUUUUUUUUUUUUL! The streets will make you feel so screwed No hope cuz we're all doomed Let's here it for KABUL, KABUL, KABUUUUUUUL!We got 60!*PROPNAME* is coming back to the WWE*PROPNAME* is gorges.Forgive me for what I am about to do tonight.I need the wisdom of a wise Latina.Hot 97 is finally streaming online. Sweet.Me, I'm doin business and no one ain't ever seen us// If Jay-Z payin' *PROPNAME*, Im payin *PROPNAME*Greed, for lack of a better word, is gy.will NOT under any circumstances attend a Spring Weekend concert headlined by Dashboard Confessional.Do it for *PROPNAME*...Congratulations *PROPNAME* on your new baby!reading the Holy Klor'anWe got your back Harry "Healthcare" Reidjust bought some 1500 thread sheetsis in a Bangla State of Mind*PROPNAME* should have thanked *PROPNAME* in her Grammy speechHot: *PROPNAME* is an awesome TA.Will someone PLEASE explain to me why everyone thinks *PROPNAME* is so awesome? I mean if you put *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, or *PROPNAME* on all of my songs, they would sound just as good, if not better.I have 6 cliques in my Facebook network.Just sewed on my first button.Dunk contest was lame this year. Everything the Knicks touch dies.
is hoping in vain for sunshine...finds a good mix of farming, socializing, and killing monsters to be very therapeutic.is sick?is sick, but not badly.believes that summer has indeed arrived.is excited about mural painting!has finally completely uploaded her Alaska pictures.feels old after watching the sixth Harry Potter movie.paints some more mural.is back from Alaska!is working on new profile pic as E-28.is having fun at work.is feeling odd.never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week.is looking forward to sunny Saturday in the park.proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors.needs to buy newer karaoke songs.has joined the Harvard Ballroom Team!was too busy watching Castle last night (fashion! murder! mayhem!) to upload pics.clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer.is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going.is leaving work for some down-time before dance(!!!).Castle > shopping.feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first B(ig)day in a long time.is looking forward to Homecoming weekend. :)has the most amazing friends ever.dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is.realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice.does not like sickness.is at Amherst!!!sees that People's Republic of China turns 60 today, but finds Mom's birthday more important.is super excited that Merlin season 2 has started!!!brightens your day.has a long but exciting work day.wants more sunshine!s doctor is sick...so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks.is ready to kick some bacteria butt!wants *PROPNAME*'s dresses from the CMA.raked some leaves this weekend!wants buffalo chicken chowder for lunch. :*(wishes it was as warm out as the sunny blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate.is scared of the weather tomorrow.sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine...is sub-sub-optimal again. :(is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health.wants to know who (is in Boston and) wants to see Avenue Q!This actually works!: The Facebook Trick: Press Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, enter key then right click. Then press up then down & magic circles will appear! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU!needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system.is ready for Baltimore! (Is Baltimore ready for Hua? Maybe not...)cannot speak due to throat pain. This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle. Hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around.gets to visit the Baltimore Aquarium again!!!invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the Harry Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec. 12 (Sat).is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!).now knows that flu vaccines are not friends.can speak again! (As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing.)needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count).won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours. :(thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy).is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed. (= happiness)is looking for a wallet...Bed, Bath, & Beyond shoppers//employees...please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop. T_Tthanks *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet. <3has landed in Boston and is back at work. :Dwishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy.is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (*PROPNAME*'s French accent is SCARY).wishes that her experiments would WORK when she's in the lab, especially when she's staying past normal going home time. D:must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before Thursday morning!is rehauling her facebook...warning...warning...information and photos may (dis)appear...is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch. :Dhas 28 teeth left. At this rate of loss (2//decade), she'll be toothless by age 160...not too bad. :| <--currently cannot grin//smileis singing Christmas songs (to all of you!).is hungry.is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future.is already hard at work!is rewatching the first half of Knock Knock Loving You (the only portion worth watching).has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend.wants a nap.has finally made it to Part III of *PROPNAME*'s Immunobiology book.now believes in the "bad things come in threes" proverb.is super excited about the first day of dance practice!is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her RAM. <3is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date.hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle (and thus is failing at life!!!).must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts.plans to visit Orlando (Harry Potter! Sun!) during April's long weekend (go Patriot's Day!).
PHYSICS= BAD. My Favorite Equation.I have the best adhi in the whole world...and I HATE physics..."Hey don't smoke that Tijuana it'll make you crazy," my grandma... hehehhe :)Happy Friendship Day!!! :)I want two BUNNIES...THEY ARE SOOOOOO CUTE:)Graduation Pictures Are STUPID Expensive...So just buy 1 of the smallest pictures and then copy them later...IT IS WAY CHEAPER.....I have the best adhi in the whole world :)Dashain ko Subhakaamana sabaai laai!!!Happy Dashain!!!I wanna get two bunnies....They are sooo cute....Happy Dashain! Dashain ko Subhakamana Sabaai laai! :)Hamro Bai haru laai... bhai tikako dherai dherai subhakaamana....:)H1N1= :| ... :{ ... :( ... :@... oink oink *PROPNAME*, "So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."HAPPY TIHAR!!!!“The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot."~ *PROPNAME*"So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."- jay lenoGO BEARS!!! VERY VERY PROUD TO BE BERKELEY ALUMNI!!! Go BEARS!!... Oh Stanford...you're just never good enough... :(GO Bears! Very Proud to BE BERKELEY ALUMNI! GO BEARS!Go Bears!!!Best Weekend...Eating with family and movie nites with the little cousin... :) :) :)Proud of the success of her BSP family members!...Congrats to everyone who got into Med School, Dental School, and Grad School!...Best of Luck!Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?~ *PROPNAME*So UC Tuition Fees are increasing by 30% and the salary of the UC Regents has been increasing since our fee hikes....SO THAT's where all of our tuition money is going..."Happy Non-Denominational Happy Winter..." Just kidding... Happy Holidays Everyone...Red+Purple= Fuschia? :)AMERICAN AIRLINES is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free. Please call 212-697-9767. Spread the word. if you are looking for ways to be of any help... UPS IS SHIPPING TO HAITI FOR FREE TOMORROW!! IT HAS TO BE UNDER 50 lbs!! If you have ANYTHING to give, round up your stuff and... send it out!! PLEASE repost this... to spread the word PLEASE repost!!!!I'm sooo lucky to have such good friends and family! Thanks for all the sweet bday messages! Lots of love to you all!"OMG...The new SIMS is soooo cool...You can even make friends and stuff..."- my very lonely friend...*PROPNAME*'s sons' new car-$360,000 *PROPNAME*'s new ring- $800,000 The Average cost of a 16yrs bday party in West LA- $275,000 (Quotes from NPR) PEOPLE GET IN TOUCH WITH REALITY AND SHARE!!!DON'T TAKE UGLY BETTY off the air!!! There are plenty of stupid shows on the air ...this is one of the FEW SHOWS that's actually EMPOWERING TO WOMEN and SPEAKS TO REAL PEOPLE!Happy Lunar Year! I hope it is filled with good health and happiness...and lots of red envelopes! :)
is getting very nervous about her first day of teaching SATs, moving, and school in august....and its all converging.My car is full of all my wordly possessions....ah the nomadic life.No more SAT class! Whoo whoo! But I'll miss the kids, they were a good lot once you got past the fact that they were teenagers....Hangin' with the Sadie-lady.Listless....better snap out of it soonUp figurin out school-ool-ool. Be back in NC this weekend.Saw District 9. So real. So good. So stressful.hates discussion forums. You always end up looking pompous, idiotic or both. There's no winning.Survived her first day....is sorry she didn't come to raleigh after telling everyone she would. But I went on a hike today and saw pretty nature-type things!is sooooo tired of legal practice homework.WARNING: Spring Guns and Droidswishes the weekend was longer. Yayyyyy NC! Yay Smancy!Must sleep, must sleep. Too excited for the weekend.Mmm Soup.overcast skies + homework + sore throat + boyfriend gone home = sad meagan. I'm coming to raleigh next weekend though!Pro: I think I'm going to really like ethics. Con: I may have to rob a bank to pay for my books.Just back from Scotland (the brave)! In Raleigh this week, hit me up.doesn't actually condone vigilante justice...I really shouldn't skip lunch anymore...Rainy days = warm food. Its worth it.Law Geekitude #107: I giggle to myself every time some old English judge uses the word "mischief" in an opinion.is just here.hates legal writing. A lot. If I'm still awake at 3 am you'll know why.is just hangin' out with ol' Dex. Study study study.mmmmm...pint of Haagen-Dazs peach sorbet and no running. Doin' good today.Might just vomit. I hate exams.Needs job//money to support hobbies other than studying....I'd give her a HA! And a HI-YA! And then a OUU-WA! And I'd kick her, sir. Take THAT, memo.Going to NC tonight! Wish I was gonna make it for volleyball but if anyone is up for drinking after I just might be there....is soaked. Umbrella broke. Good morning, dear Monday.Has no respect for anyone that doesn't understand the danger of being hit by a line drive. (Ahhhh torts).is surrounded by candyIs going to do some comfort reading tonight (oh *PROPNAME* of Green Gables...) First real exam tomorrow ://Finally, one outline completely down...only 3 to go - and a long way to go at that. Next semester will be different, really!Relaxing after my delicious, noodly, post-exam lunch.Sick and tired. Literally.Mmm mmm turkey stockHad a minor(major) breakdown when I thought one of my exams was lost... but its all good now.Can't wait for Noon-thirty on Thursday!can't wait to head outtthates noisy library-goers.Oh to find an internship....Wishes she was at Raleigh Undercover, so if you are in NC and not there, get out and show some charity love while hanging out with awesome people who like good music. I will be very jealous.Is going to get off her bum and go running sometime in the next 5 minutes...I promise!Should be doing work, but isn't (obviously). Yay dance class tonight! Shimmy shimmy shimmy....Lord *PROPNAME* may have been a complete cad, but he could sure put pen to paper. (Still not studying as hard as I should be... can you tell?)Law school is like The Biggest Loser...it doesn't matter how well you do, just how well you do compared to everyone else. Dun dun dun.Monday comes too fast and too early.*PROPNAME* on Modern FamilyI don't think I have a famous person....hmmmm....okay with that though.DC friends: Giant snowball fight//snow kickball on the mall tomorrow, 3pm. There will be other snowball fights, but I will not be at them. So you should come to this one! :)has major, major cabin fever.Sunshine!!!Snow!!! http:////www.flickr.com//photos//zmeagz//sets//72157623367337792//A storm's abrewin'! Snow is starting to stick....Went to a surprise *PROPNAME* game yesterday (surprise for me, not for the players) and had a fantastic time.is in love with *PROPNAME* in downtown Raleigh. And *PROPNAME*.
biting heads off of Barbie dolls. Stress sucks.My skull*PROPNAME* is now single? Are you serious? It should read, "*PROPNAME* has been single." Anyway, wanna go out? I'm single.The ladies sweat the style like the squirrel sweats the nuts. Yet, I'm still single. Must be rotten nuts.Anyone want to pull some strings so I can get into grad school? Also, anyone want to buy my house so I can go to grad school?I need to tell people I'm single more often. Two girls talk to me in less than 24 hours. That's like twice as many in the last week. Wow. I feel special. That's why I ride the short bus.Your momAlso, what's with facebook exploding? I can't even use this stupid thing anymore. How do I fix my profile? Wait, there it is underneath the couch cushion next to the pocket lint hiding under the chest of drawers over yonder by the bureauYes, mosquitos in AK are really this big. It is actual size. The size of a grapefruit. Every summer at least three people die from mosquito bites in AK. We need to do something about Global Warming, the mosquitos are planning a revolt! AKns lives depend on cool temperatures! Please think of the Alaskans!!!pbpbpbppthbphbphthpbhtphbpthbphhI am bored.la di da di i like to party i like to love so i don't bother nobody...420 characters max. Hehehehehehe....'it'd be a lot cooler if you did...'Why doesn't it say "what's on your mind" next to what you write? My mom joke doesn't work without it. It doesn't make sense. How else do you know that your mom is on my mind if it doesn't say "what's on your mind?"hahahahahah.....I'm off for the next six days! IT IS AWESOMEI got poked. By *PROPNAME*. Normally I think I'd be much more excited about getting poked, but considering the circumstances (i.e. person) I'm not all that excited. In fact, I'm quite the opposite. Sorry bud but it's still a nub. hahahahaha"I ain't gonna take my pants off!"5 hours and 20 minutes of daylight today. TGIF now means Thank God It's not Fairbanks. Then again, I'm thankful tomorrow will be longer than today."Come, let us gingerly touch our tips.""You white, then you *PROPNAME*k"Why am I still awake? Oh yeah, because I haven't gone to sleep.Happy merry Christmas friends."I will slaughter them like a wolf among lambs. The seas will run red with the blood of my enemies!" "No, I will have my cupcakes, piping hot from their forty watt womb." "That tears it how many times today will I have to hear the word womb?"Merry Christmas to everyone who reads this!HEY KIDS!!! ON SALE NOW... The All New *PROPNAME* Action Figure. with super FIRE Breathing Action.....on a side note. I think i have cavities. oh yeah, and I blow fire now so...bow down before my awesomeness!!!!I can't remember the stupid quote. That is not cool.adam's mind is thinking about not doing what he's supposed to be doing. shoulda woulda coulda. that's gonna bite me in the ass here in a couple weeks. guess i should get it done. meh. manana.Must finish apps. Must finish apps. Must finish.....ah well...tomorrow's another day."Are you saying my granny was a skank ass ho-bag?"Bipolar and this job are like *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* or an articulate FOB.*PROPNAME* is awesome..."complaining about going to the dentist is like complaining about too much education...it's offensive to Alaskans...To *PROPNAME*, I just got finished coloring your wife's book."Catharsis soothes sore arses in Carthage.i want more sleepIt's a new year. Five years since I've graduated and I still feel like a loser. Thank you Sabumnim.Ha! I found it! New quote added...and it's a real one this time. So real it's from my calendar at work!<blank>I LOVE *PROPNAME*!Smitten kittens in mittens while knittin' were spittin' mad until their dad became a part of their fad.Che Guevara for President!Err. Things to not do and people to ignore.I heard the most awesome phrase last night. If you've heard it before I don't care because this ish is gangsta legit.I wish the naries would get here. I've got things to do and people to ignore.Happy Birthday *PROPNAME*!!!FINALLY!!!New cockney rhyming slang that i've invented recently. *PROPNAME* (gayness) This is the funniest one I've ever come up with. Why? Because he actually is gay. Reeses Pieces (peace). Please feel free to use. Maybe in a couple years one of them will end up in a movie and I can say. That's totally mine. Like when *PROPNAME*'s stole the idea for my shirt. Bastards. I bought one anyway though. Cause it was cool."I don't have a girlfriend, but I know a girl that would be really mad if she heard me say that."SLEDDINGTaxes are done and the Gov owes me more than one. Refund says what?
Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior... We need to get God back in America... If you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status...We had a wonderful Thanksgiving day! Reminded me how amazing my family is. So glad to see those members of my family who needed it most enjoy having all their family gathered around...CHALLENGE...In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! Put this on your page if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer. (93% won't copy and paste this, will you)*PROPNAME* 7th birthday today! Took him out to watch Jackie Chans new Movie The Spy Next Door yesterday and out to eat at Red Robin...*PROPNAME* sat through his first movie at the theatres lol Today doing pizza and cake here at home. I'll send out invites to a party here soon
Just remembered, I seen a naked guy running up the supports on the squinty bridge last night with all hanging out .. but wearing socks. Not a pretty sight.Seen a leaflet guy coming into building. so i collected together all the leaflets we have (about 15-20) and when he went to post the leaflets I posted them all outwards as he opened the letterbox. He looked a little confused and tried to push them back, so I posted them back out again. Ahh its fun to piss off people.Feeling like crap, no temperature though so at least its not swine flu (at least I think its not!)Got a pair of degu's last night, already causing issues! They are uber cute though.Got a refferal to a ENT specialist so I can get a camera jammed up my nose into my sinuses. Not pretty but at least I may be able to finally get rid of this damn sinus infection! :DTrying to send docs to the bank, and my personal advisor is not trusted with email or web access full access to my account, financial and personal, but not email *worry*Gotta love 3 mobile. I asked to cancel my contract and was asked "could we convince you to stay" I replied with "Due to the terrible customer service, I would rather die a slow and horribly painful death than stay" to which I got "do you have any friends or relatives you would like to refer so they can get a good deal". I want that CSR to work in my company retention department!!I think I must be doing something wrong on the trapeze, it feels like I have just went for a vasectomy after trying a few windmills yesterday. No pain no gain :)ARGHHH!!! The radio has christmas songs on it already, this bad bad bad news! Its november !!I have 1.6Kg of explosives for Nov 5 (The UK equiv of 4th July for the Americans), Hopefully with any luck this thing will make the night time look like daytime with the bang :DTrying to weigh a degu is not easy!Never had a crab, squid, musccle, scallop, and anchovie pizza before. It is however suprisingly good :)Whilst I may not understand the history behind thanksgiving, I can get behind any holiday that consists of a huge amount of food, alcohol and friends. Happy thanksgiving to my American friends. And to anyone else, today is just an excuse for us to take part in "cultural diversity" and get drunk and stuffed with lots of food.is thinking that he needs to assemble a horde of flying panda colored monkies to wreck havock on the world from above, and buy milk.I can handle the scope thing being shoved up my nose and down my throat, I can handle the CT scan, but having blood taken, still can't deal with that!Why are you not allowed to give kids nuts for halloween any more. I got them as a kid, and as far as I am aware people havne't become more allergic to it in the last 20 years, just the same amount.Hates facebook messaging, it always looks like you are waiting for the other person to message back, and then you see that it has infact timed out (again) and the person messaged back 6 hours ago. *sigh*I have discovered the 'teddy bear' move in aerials, is anything but cute and fluffy! Its evil, sore and likes nothing more than cutting off all blood to your extrematies.is currently working his way through the harry potter box set. Can't say I don't have exciting weekends!I know 6 sick people at the moment, and now I'm sick. I'm going to find out what one it was and come after them!! Watch yourselves ;)Happy Jul, In norway they don't celebrate chriastmas as much as Julaften (Pre-Christmas). Thats when people get their pressies. In russia its the 5th Jan! Don't know if I could wait that long!I love how much fun you can have with non newtonian fluids :DThe turkey is now officially drunk (Injected with enough alcohol that if we didn't eat it, it'd be at AA). Rubbed with secret spices, drizzled in bacon, and the silverside joint is slowly cooking for 7 hours. 15 Minute break then back to cooking :DMy brother gave me a uni-cycle for xmas. I'm wondering if you can pre book appointments to the A&E to save time.Just hacked my appleTV, removed the WiFi chip and replaced with a broadcom H.264 hardware decoder chip. Now I can stream blu ray movies in 1080p from my fileserver to tv :DJust realised he missed the aerial class start :| Thought it was next week it started DOH!thinks that the new apple tablet 'pc' iPad sounds like a high tech sanitary device.Merry Christmas everyone :)They are NOT beef sausages if they are only 40% beef! LIES!Just made a spiced haddock on trimmed green bean and coconut rice with a coconut, chilli sauce... mmm
Any GOS student who comes to me complaining about how 'early' the next school year starts are gonna get a 'nice little lecture' from me...¤_¤Got a painful reminder of why I REALLY dislike my little sister...and why I have to keep my room locked at all times...
Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission. Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Logout link. Select PRIVACY. Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL. Next select the tab FACEBOOK ADS. There is thanks 4 all d greetings guys.. did have a happy birthday :) hope all of you have a good dayanother day.. another chance.. Good day everyone :)Negative A blood urgently for a little girl at the Rainbow ward suffering from a stomach tumour. Could you please make an announcement at your respective lists to see if anyone could donate. This is a rare blood group. If you have anyone, they need to urgwow *PROPNAME*.. i gotta steal this from you for those friends of mine who are not in your list: "Fight for it! Don’t give up no matter how hopeless it seems right now, even when you’ve lost hope and angry, because years from now your gonna look back and wish you gave it one more shot -BECAUSE THE BEST THINGS DONT COME EASY"i'm amazed :)Prayers needed for 12yr old boy who, after a serious car crash, is now in a critical coma. Pls. change your status for 1 hr so more people can become aware and add to the prayers. We would do it for your son or relative, pls. do this for somebody else's son. Thank you. Pls copy this and paste.."minds are like parachutes - they only function when open" *PROPNAME*stop and think..."Those great hopes and dreams and ideals of yours are not dead, if you let God breathe into them the breath of fresh life." - *PROPNAME* RT *PROPNAME*"if you accept defeat, then that's what you'll get" - from Facing The Giants"The best mind-altering drug is truth." - *PROPNAME*anyone knows of an interesting//good job guys?wherever you go, whatever you do.. do so whole-heartedlyvery tired.. happy with work done.. but still so much more to do!"oye, piensa en tu futuro, no pierdas mas tempo... es muy importante mirar para adelante" wonderful artist.. great song.. wonderful message :)great weekend so far: friday enjoyed meeting wonderful ppl I had not seen for a long time.. yest night wonderful time in malta.. now realllyyyy looking forward to later on today :) (will get working to finish work asap & enjoy my sunday afterwards)the weekend.. & why not the weekstart? looking forward to start the week in a great way :)FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT: If you're reading this,whether we do or don't speak very often, please post a comment of your first memory of you & me. When you're finished, post this paragraph in your status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!woww! soo busy.. but working to create some time to relax during this weekend :)gotta assume your responsibility and move forward.. get going!listening to some rock while preparing lessons! great mix ee!a good weekend.. this week's busy (kumbinazjoni!) imma ghaddejjin bil-momentum & looking forward to the future :)never thought I'd be jealous of a fish in an aquarium! only for a sec tho! lollife is a not-so-easy mountain climb.. but woww.. the view is amazing!have a merry christmas, un joyeux noel, un buon natale, feliz navidad u il-Milied it-tajjeb! for all of you who don't celebrate Christmas, may you have a great day full of peace and happiness :)Happiness comes only by sharing - Napoleon Hill... & starting holidays helps as well I guess ;)preparing exam papers!! Vive les vacances!!!Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer! ? (93% of fb users will not copy & paste this)....if you know someone who had cancer or fighting cancer please paste this to your statusgreat ending to 09 and awesome beginning of 2010! :) have a very happy new year allrainbow colours!!! x'izzik uu dal-kuluri kollha minand nies differenti aaa?? jw jin biss ma nafx? lolwhy do i have to keep facing the only people who I can't stand: liars & double-faced people?? Well, I guess that's part of life :(last work for 2009 ready!! now starting my nye :) have a very happy new year all.. may it bring you all that you wish forNever get so busy making a living that you forget to make a lifeThe LAST GOOD DEED of the MALTESE Lira .....(2) If you have any Maltese coins, you can kindly donate them to YMCA; Ask your family & friends to donate their Maltese coins, Spread the word by emailing this text and//or using FB through status or messaging friends. Only 11 days to collect all the money as then the Maltese coins will not be valid. Call YMCA on 21228038 or email roberta.ymca@gmail DEADLINE 1ST FEBRUARY1st day new job.. jidher nice.. & woww, it was destiny! used to want to do this job but then thought I wouldn't end up doing this!!it's true.. "the best things don't come easy".. what I can't understand is why you'll always find someone who tries to f**k it all upGo to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments.already at the end of 2nd week at st.albert's.. so far so good.. im enjoying it :)
A vegetarian delightcan't wait for the ex x-boxchose cakeKindergarten report cardsThe State (on DvD Tues)Only theater in the area is in Chicago...."I have a $1.57 and a nickel"thinking of enlistinganxious boredom fatigueAnyways back to DR...You can not have my bloodL5RPerseid Meteor ShowerAnyone interested in going to Summerfest?I have to admit SWtOR has one awesome trailer"We know nothing about their language, their history or what they look like. But we can assume this: they stand for everything we don't stand for. Also they told me you guys look like dorks!"- I would really enjoy a Limit Break of the valorous nature-already hitting the wine bottleSometimes I think a Busou Renkin cosplay would be hilarious, then I stop and remember PapillonI do not understand my fascination with horoscopesErrorhas to wonder if West Allis is still manufacturing bomb parts"I've always loved the flirtatious tango of consonants and vowels, the sturdy dependability of nouns and capricious whimsy of verbs, the strutting pageantry of the adjective and the flitting evanescence of the adverb, all kept safe and orderly by those reEven at such a young age, I understood the weight of the WorldI am fresh *PROPNAME*I think I need a new Spirit AnimalIf anyone is going to be on campus, please contact me (Preferably by text).Hands on the BibleSweet tendrils grasp at my breath. Enticing wisps of freedom. Euphoria escapes in an exhalationFinally Feels like FallCat NapI am a somewhat Dark//Morbid Individual, and yet Nana makes me cringe..."It's like turning air into gold""Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box, they tumble blindly as ..."fmlLooking for the light at the end of the tunnelAs a side note: this is some Delicious Mac & Cheese!Delicious new gaming materialThis cat will not leave me alone...No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.So many good moviesPhilosophical SundaysInsomnia gets things donePeople should learn to leave messages......And I SleepFrom Anomynous: "These vampires need to either get naked or die"Storm Clouds and Dirty Windowshttp:////www.gametrailers.com//video//this-is-dragon-age//58530Sleep is for SuckasNo one in ZOMBIELAND should die because they cannot afford a chainsaw, and no one should go broke because they get bit. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.Just one of those daysDoes my insomnia breed mania or does my mania quell my fatigue?want's to have my cake and eat it too. Also, a prize hidden in the center.Finally watching season 4 of LostFarscape is 10 years old..."You can't blame Mad Scientists for doing mad science"There be a baker's dozen of Turkeys in my backyardFine weather for a walkin an unusual music moodis a Fool but also a Dreamer"The Queen says no to pot smoking FBI members"Was not aware of the streaming video at the ECA meeting last night...."On the Radio" is playing on the radio. *insert ever so slight chuckle*You would think by now I would have learned to not answer the door, when Insomnia knocksBack into playing DDO. Anyone interested in joining in hit me up on aimI think I just dreamt about trade and commerce...Technical Difficulties. Please StandbyLets make the most of this YearAnyone participating in Allods Online Closed Beta?Can't Sleep, clown will eat meI think I need a new MMO...Fear and panic in the airboar dumbTo Campus!Sleeping children fear not for the Sun brings a new dayLike a madman laughing at the rain. A little out of touch, a little insane"I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments."And now I am covered in glitter...And sweating like demons they scream through our speakers But we leave the sound on 'cause silence is harder“Being drunk is a good disguise. I drink so I can talk to assholes. This includes me.”If there's no one beside you when your soul embarks. Then I'll follow you into the darkTasty Tasty *PROPNAME*Good Times Were HadAll Hail the king of dunces. You best hold on I am opening up my mouthSomething Note Worthytechno colored beatsReally do not care for my hyper metabolismPrisoner by my own design"Really? You have to remind yourself to raise American Spirits?"is Sick and blames YouLa Dee Dee 1 2 3 *PROPNAME* the Half a BeeStill need to see Across the Universe"Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is."
IS SOOOOOO EXCITED 4 THE HOLSim going away tomoro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!is wantin 2 dye amys hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!cookieshmmmmmm............ its so hot!!!! i'm DIEING!yea merry x-mas everi1! <3 u!little brak!!!!!!!!!!!!! yea!!!!!!!!! kenau to me.............. wierdWe'll miss u so so much *PROPNAME*!hmphlove looks not with the eye but with the mind and therefore, is winged cupid painted blind?close and i'll kiss u 2moro i'll miss u remember i'll always be true.......... I CANT GET THAT FRIKIN SONG OUT MY HEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
argh y does everything need qualifications n not experience :(gona miss u lots bojana :'(is eating a yummy watermelonaww i dont feel 2 good, think i ate 2 much :Ssays y dont any1 take me 4 who i am :(hehe need 2 stop doin all the fb quizzes :)hehe 'What I'm Listening to' is kinda working on my wall, 2 bad its a lil slow at updating :Pwe take life, we make life and now we must feast for the ones we lovewe take life, we make life and now we must feast on the ones we loveIM SOOOOO HAPPY ITS FINALLY HERE, ITS BEEN SOOOO LONG SINCE WE LAST HAD A STORM :) booo all my cams suck they dont work at night, wish i got that 2day now!!! :'(im so fuckin pissed offhmm this ice lolly tastes of strawberry n apple flavored coolant -.-hey any1 wana go2 the balcony next sat???:'(lolz thx guyslolz been so long since i logged on here :Pmight go n c motorhead live at the end of the month :)aww im bak, but i wana go bak 2 reading :(cool we've got enough points on bejeweled 2 win the laptop, btw can i hav it if we do win :Pstupid avg, im gona get rid of u wen i upgrade 2 win7busy designing characters boo wheres steve wen u really need him :(yay got my new laptop :) aww but now im pretty skint :(
will be in SJ as of tonight! He'll be in town till Saturday morning so call him and rescue him from the boredom that is his house.is unexplainably down :\has one more day in San Jose before he disappears back to the otherness of Sacramento.has been waking up obscenely early the last couple of days; is anyone up for breakfast now that I've been awake and hour and a half?is finally home :)is further failing at life. Why do they give me extra bureaucratic hoops when I keep proving that I fail at jumping through them ><would like the world to know that this next week he intends to BE awesome and fix all of his problems.loves beautiful music of every shape and sizeis home and catching up on facebook :)is leaving for Anaheim super soon!had a fantabulous week and would like thank all his SJ friends for making that happen. It was great to see all of you. :DIs hoping his Sunday will turn out as well as his Saturday did.Is off to run some errandscannot fall asleep ><likes that it really rained last night :)is tired, and off to bedClassety Class class class... :\No one should be frozen in carbonite, or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac, just because they couldn't pay *PROPNAME* what they owe him. If you agree, post this as your status.a bit of relaxation and then an hour of Beethoven.Congratulations All-hallowians, I enjoyed a wonderful concert!needs internal motivation.has HW for tomorrow and Wednesday that doesn't want to be doneWalk, then HWLast day of adding... *fingers are crossed*Home after two rehearsals back to back... whew time for some relaxation then a nice long sleep :)English English Englishanother week of school!!! yay.......Autumn Cleaning Daythinks it's awesome that he's sitting in his room in a sweater because he left the window open during the day.Darn you *PROPNAME*'s... my insides are very unhappy :(Laundry almost done... it was a lovely day for a walkYay... beethoven is over!hates it when people are dishonest. :\Sleep.Sunday wasn't quite as awesome, but it was still a good day :PHates that he gets home from choir at 9:30 or 10:00 and glee doesn't go up online till about 1 am ><need some time with my brain... time for a walkQuestion... does anyone actually use the poke feature on facebook anymore?Thinks that chrome has come a long way since the first time he tried it, and has gotten fed up enough with Firefox that he's willing to give it another shot.Has 8 invites to google wave... I'd love to try it out with anyone that has a shared class with me. Let me know if you want in!Would like to thank everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes... It's quite pleasant to be harrassed by facebook 1 day a year ;)blah....*PROPNAME* just started working on his first Mozart Aria... a bit late but it'll have to do :)Is officially a bit of a stupid-head... had this crazy notion that my idiocy might not screw me over for certain but oh well.And every time I've held a rose, it seems I only felt the thornsWowza running tomorrow morning supa earlyMUST WORK, but the facebook demands my time!Transparent
some girls just need to keep their noses out of other ppls business and keep to themselves!!!! bitches...Vegas was awesome...now Christmas time!!!!4boys+2girls+VEGAS=Wild and fun weekend!!!! :Dsurgery went well...just resting at home. not too much pain cuz its still a lil numb.thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!!exctied my bday gift is getting my stitches outHappy Valentine's Day!
has finished cleaning the kitchen! That's the second one this week!FINISHED!! :Dhas 1 essay left to write! and one to read through and amend where necessary! Then it is all gedonen!really can't be bothered with his last essay...thinks the Indians might be taking the humble food fight a little too seriously... http:////news.bbc.co.uk//1//hi//world//south_asia//8119591.stmis excited about going to Sark! as, whilst he hasn't worked out exactly how long he has to wait, he knows he will be going soon!has just been stung by a bee and is in great discomfort"twist it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby.."IS WORKING AWAY LIKE A WORKER ANT (PROVERBS 30:24-25) AND HAS THE CAPS LOCK ON!is regretting eating so much chocolate as he is feeling a tad ill...is missing *PROPNAME*used every piece of loo roll from one roll (obviously not in one sitting) for the first time ever!has finishedjust went on a 4 mile run and even though he walked a very little bit of it he is very pleased with himself!Whoops... bought myself everything I needed for a cooked breakfast tomorrow morning but accidently ate it for lunch... :shad a cooked breakfast this morning! mmm!is making soup!is alive!knows that a burning smell isn't the best sign of good cooking and is thus going to turn the heat downis happy because he saw a lot of friends from Stafford on Saturday night and made a big bonfire!thinks it is very cold to go out in shorts and t-shirt but is going running anyway!The Soup: The Verdict Type: Vegetable Appearance: Fantastic Texture: Good Taste: Poor Overall: Edible but not pleasant Summary: This is a great soup for looking at, it is full of colour, healthy vegetables and creaminess! If you are not hungry make this soup and you will feel good! However, if eating is your thing, this soup should be avoided. I have soup left for 3 meals - any takers? Only p&p to pay! Enjoy!found that you can tell roughly where you are on the canal by the accents of the people who say hello!has just attended his first parish council meeting!regrets that he might have to dispose of his pumpkin (*PROPNAME*) as he is becoming a little furry and wonders if giving him a quick shave might do the jobis now a graduatehas a huge pile of washing!Why doesn't social interview ask me any questions... I feel very left out. :(hasn't been outside yet today but is now going to post a letter to one lucky recipient!Is it just me or does anyone else feel in the mood for an ABBA sing along session?is missing Katierealised at around 5 last night that he had nothing to offer to trick-or-treaters so he made toffee... but then nobody came.is soon to become a member of the con club!! Whoop!no longer has a huge pile of washingdoesn't know where anyone is!What a busy morning! We had a plumber, the cleaner a dog walker and the gardener all around all at same time!is wondering how much tiffin cake he needs to eat to get one of his five a day fruit portionsthinks 3D glasses make the world a little bit more fun!Last night I went to a conference where the police were asking us to pray for them. Lets pray for the police and our communities. God moves when his people pray.apologises if he appears to be shouting or talking very loudly to people at the moment. He's getting used to talking to someone who is hard of hearing but keeps forgetting to talk normally to other people.wants to know if anyone has borrowed an elf costume off himis talking to *PROPNAME* :Dis off to practice being a shepherdhas been put on hold but is enjoying (dancing to) the music! :Dis moving yet more wood!Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay Snooooooooooooooow!may have just slipped over on the ice but thinks he got away with it by making it look like he was break dancing...is heading home for Christmas!may have eaten a few too many sweets today...is fighting to make it to the table football semisfinds it highly amusing that we are currently bringing the milk inside to warm it up in the fridge!is about to start wrapping Christmas presents!is no longer talking to *PROPNAME* - but not in a bad way. Just because it is impractical and expensive to talk on the phone continuously and because we both needed to do things.
Well ain't that the cat's pajamas!!Is it more funny or more funnier? I dunno use it in a sentence. It was just more funnier...The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. ~*PROPNAME* ~Lovin' the grace God has clearly been pouring out... :-DHmm, next weekend?wishes she was as cool as *PROPNAME*, but... that'll never happen! =]im a monkey. i stink and pee freely often. yaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyI get $$$$is done with work on Friday!! :-DJust one final stands between me and NO CLASS WOOO!!I am doing quite awesome, and I am very happy and excited about life but some people need to stop hijacking my fb...is going to be a O&P practitioner...maybe :-)Back in EL :-)this one time i tried to punch lara and i accidentally scratched my face. basically i failed miserably.Back in the E.L. :-)Trying to figure out what to do with my life...hmmm suggestions?Last day of work!! Any suggestions for wild and crazy celebrations??Would you eat panda?Making chocolate rasberry brownies...yum :)Attempting to finish unpacking...argpicking her nose. ooo gold rush up there!is about to go to sleep at 9:30pm...old age is setting inThank you all for the birthday wishes :-)What a beautiful day of football :-)I love the fray!! .:squeeky voice:.Classes are getting in the way of my college life...AHHHHHHHHHH!!! Static fluid mechanics= death...9:00pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!9:02pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!heheheh i'm rachel yayyyyyy!*PROPNAME* is an L7 WEANIEis an L7 weanieIt's been a good birthday :-)is chowin on wheat rice!!!!!! dang, this stuff is soooo good :-)moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist... This goes out to all those people who are unapreciative of the word moist. You make my eyes moist with all this hating...Really likes *PROPNAME*'s status and feels the same way :)Excited for Compelling 09!!! :]Check it out... :-) http:////www.facebook.com//event.php?eid=275183520261&ref=mfI'm *PROPNAME*, and I have a biiiiig green watch. It's so cool. Kinda like AmyO. I think she is the coolest person ever. I wish I were as awesome as AmyO.Take my quiz. See how cool I am.wants everyone to sign up for the Ski Trip (you dont actually have to ski on this trip. you could just come hang out.)!!!!! Right now. If youre sitting there saying, "Ski Trip? where? when? how do i sign up?" comment on this post and i will hook you up. i better see like 50 comments on this post when i check back tonight.Excited to the maxx!!**.:Welcome back Winter once again And put on your warm fuzzy sweater Cuz you'll feel much better when The snowflakes fall Gently to the ground:.**Fixed her computer speakers!!! Feel free to send her sweet youtube videos :-)Anyone needing a study break come check out the Baker's new music video!!!!Most relaxing song ever... :) http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4f7tx25O9XMrub-a-dub-dubPlease take a long hard look through your textbook, cause I'm history... Off on Urbana adventures!!! Back on the 7th- DUCES!!Packing for Ur-ban-UH and the sunshine state =DEnergizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery, lol!! Love the cheesy jokes... :-)bahahahaaaa!Ohh finals week...Friday, please come quickly ://Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!! :DI just got kamikazied by a kiss...wrapperAnybody up for playing volleyball today??Jk about volleyball...who wants to go iceskating tonight from 10-11:30 at munn??"I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." Martin Luther King, Jr.I LOVE JENN ARNOLD!!!!Magenta :)Missing summer and WWR... *tear&hearts; *PROPNAME*Contemplating the details of urban planning...
made it safely to italy :) 22 hour trip lol havent slept one sec the whole time will upload pics of my trip soon and through out the month.I just saw District 9! Probably one of the best sci-fi movies I have ever seen. I recommend anyone that likes action and a good story to go see this movie!On my way to get my license! Don't have a car yet though...lolGetting my license finally! lol...you know what they say...2nd time's a charm :PLeaving for italy tomorrow yay!!!! I will be back on august 6th. wont be able to text till then lol cya!Football practice was actually pretty fun. I have no idea how I shaved off almost a minute off of my mile time. I ran a mile in 5:38...I think I'm amazing lolI think some people need to take life less seriously...will be back in the U.S. the 7th. i got a sexy tan at the beach lolGoing to bed. Football practice in the morning...guess who didnt work out like they should have been? ME!!! YAY!!!.....//crySchool! yay :DJust got back from the first day of school! Was actually fun except for a few rules. I am looking forward to having fun in every class lol ...and...I'm a SENIOR w00t!Anybody that has any classes with me know any other homework we had besides english?People need to take a breather and chill once in a while and not let the little nuisances of life get to their heads... we only have one life and there is not point to wasting it being angry about nothing...w00t go huskies!The fair was really fun today. I was trying to get hypnotized when my phone went off right next to me...boooGood god the volleyball game was amazing! Congratulations to all the players for a great game! btw I would also like to add that our cheering tonight was crazy for only like 10 kids lolmeh idk if im gonna do anything for tomorrows dressup day. I dont have any old people clothes :\What homework did we have today, if any?Anybody have pictures of jordan and I from todays spirit day?w00t got my license! Yay now I can drive my non existent car hahais happy for school to start :DHomecoming was amazing! I had so much fun lol Here's hoping for a fun fright fest :)HA! who new that you cant take your driving test without proof of insurance!? Silly me.... -_-' ugh now I have to take it next week wednesday...yayWhy is it soo cold?! Damn you winter lolLet me know if you think of everyone meeting at my house and then heading out to the vollwyball game in costumes and then all heading back to my house for the party is a good idea :)OMG fright fest was sooo fun even though it was FREEZING! :D I recommend the next time anyone rides a roller coaster to go with your eyes closed...so scary lolMaybe we will also go out as a huge goup and trick-or-treat :) If you need directions just ask me in a message.Alright i'm trowing a Halloween costume party at my house on Saturday the 31st. There will be music, games, scary movies and my mom's food! Dont be too extravagant with your costumes, anything simple will do :) If you dont "dress up" people are going to paint your face any way they like lol. You can come anytime in the afternoon after 6 p:m.OMG what topic should I write my persuasive speech on?!Off to football :)hello world i am alive and happy again :)Hurt my leg today. Might have a stress fracture not sure yet. I can walk on my leg but it HURTS lol anyways cant wait to see the volley ball game! The Halloween party is still on tonight at my house. I live like 10 mins away from chief leschi so transportation shouldnt be that big of a problemEveryone, i have a confession to make. I have turned bisexual, and am now a tranny.wOOt i'm 18 and loving it :DJust went to a sushi bar by my house for my birthday and it was delicious :DWell now that i'm 18 i have to be careful or i could go to big boy jail lolMERRY CHRISTMAS!omg I just started out on P90X...my first day and it kicked my ass! lol these are gonna be a fun 90 days :)I feel right now as if I can't get a hold of anything....like everything is so far away but so close at the same time...just out of my reach. I want to do something about it, I want to say things, I want to do things....but I don't know where to start. Maybe I'm thinking too much into it...maybe the answer is easy and simple...If only...I just got my new phone and it refuses to copy all my contact info from the SIM to the phone so if I had your number please send me it. Thanks :)This...day...is...so...slowwwwwwYay, left my phone, wallet, keys and my FREAKING ALTOIDS on the bus lol anyways gratz kurbis on being a grandpa :)Keep voting till your fingers bleed dammit!KEEP VOTING!w00t polls are closed, we won, and I'm getting a freaking cake!http:////www.q13fox.com//videobeta//watch//?watch=0766bc7f-d0bf-481b-98b5-139cbefddafa&src=front This is the link to the video highlights of the girls game last night. The girls game is at the end.omfg facebook, I don't give a shit about who joined what group or who became a fan of...whatever! Lame lame lame...Thanks markelle for making my super bowl "party" a lot more entertaining than it would have been....oh and the dollar I won from you was a pretty sweet victory haha :P
Meh.About to go open source because Windows is <random expletive>.free hugs.writing, writing, writing, writing . . . writing.24 revolutions around the sun. Pretty impressive if I do say so myself.Books are great company, but in all honesty, my apartment is getting a little crowded.Borderlands, fantasy novel writing, and *PROPNAME*. Yeah, it's been a good day.Do what you want cause a pirate is free. You are a pirate!Work work work.Medication, medication, medication . . . science fiction? Fighting a cold can be interesing.Suggested song lyrics: I want to be an interplanetary business man, yeah, bringing discounts to the farthest star. I want to be that hyperspace negotiator, making deals on Jupiter and Mars.This is not relevant to my interests.And he said, "Let there be tacos!" And there was.
likes the new Spartan football promo video! :) I'm exited for football season!"no more than 5 pages" is my new favorite phrase! :)one page left then editing! and 24 + hours till the paper is due! SCORE!!is sad that Tetris is not working! :(is in desperate need of a social life!!! :(hates writing papers.hmmm....I uninstalled 1 tiny program and now I can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :)is on Kiawah Island having an amazing vacation with her favorite person!!2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :)yay band camp! I can't wait for friday!!is frustrated and displeased with the way that the next few weeks are shaping up. Mail.msu.edu doesn't make the situation any better. I'm sending a complaint!thinks it would be nice to have a car! :Pis back in MI!!is home in the OC!!is WAY too excited for New Moon!somehow has to BS 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project AND have sources to cite about it. FMLis le tired!misses everyone in EL!! I can't wait for preseason!!! :)thinks there should be more time in the day and that mail.msu.edu is stupidly slow!is SO excited for Freshman Dress!!!!!!!one more week of summer please!!!yay clean laundry!!!! :)is excited for GAMEDAY TOMORROW!!!!! GO STATE!!!!!Toga Toga Toga!!is 3 weeks in and already tired of reading!!!!is mostly unpacked and moved in! :)is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://GO STATE BEAT THE BADGERS!!!!!!!LOVES the SMB!!!!!!!is still waiting for mail.msu.edu, but is SO excited to move into her new apartment on Sunday!! :)needs another weekendback in EL! Call me!thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *PROPNAME*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :)is moving to her new apartment in EL!!!had a great weekend, but is not ready for classes tomorrow!! ://finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :Dcan't wait for later tonight!has a long day but a fun night ahead of her!tired tired tired, but come on out to the Dance Party at Sparty Watch tonight!!! 8-midnight!!needs to find someone to live with next year!!!.......so apathetic........is excited for a weekend on a lake with friends!! :)needs to find a good place for a nap! :)Midnight Madness and then a few hours of sleep before Spartan Football!!GO STATE!!! BEAT THE WILDCATS!!!!!!best way to relax after a crazy morning: blanket and Chopinhad a good weekend and is now tired!!!!loves bid night!! :)doesn't want to write her paper...blah blah blah-blah blah blah blahcame out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am I supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(procrastination will get me in trouble one of these days.... :PSpartan Spooktacular, 8pm kickoff against the gofers, and then Halloween!!!bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! I don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(drunk MSU fans when I was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" I don't like to swear, but I had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "FUCK YOU!"today I saw an old woman walking across the bridge by Sparty. She was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. Right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. It made me smile! :PJust has to get to wednesday at 2:30 pm. then I'm home free!was named very appropriately. *PROPNAME* means industrious//labor.auto tune the news - the best way to waste time!!! :Pthinks conscientious is should be spelled more phonetically. Maybe like: conchienchous...:Pis confused by the two different kinds of news feed.....Is not sure she wants to be done yet! GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!! I love my senior buddies! and I hope everyone's ready for a sob-fest!!!would like to have more than 24 hours in a day!!GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!!!loves group projects! especially when I do 90% of the work! Awesome!..... NOT!!!thinks she may have to walk to class in the morning.... but still LOVES SNOW!!!!!!just found the perfect internship - free housing, food stipend, working in a zoo for 40 hours a week getting a first hand look at all the veterinary stuff that I hope to be doing in a few years!!!!! :) I hope I get in!!!hates writing papers!!!!!!! I don't know how English majors do it!Has had an AMAZING yet utterly unproductive weekend! :Pjust realized how many projects//papers are due in the next 4 weeks! EEK!! :(just doesn't feel like working... how about sleep!? :)has a great night planned!! State of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :)one more final left and then I'm DONE!! :)is DONE with writing her paper! now I just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://tengo un gato!? if you know anyone who lives in Berrytree and has a black cat that is missing, I have her!!!1 1//2 pages done...this thing needs to be 10!!!! :(Girl 1: Eeew! It's all blue and jiggly! Girl 2: I can't get it out! ~I heard this today in the *PROPNAME* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :Phopes that this Evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :Pkinda hopes that her finals go as well as that game of tetris just did! :Pis home in OC!!!!I sent the kitty home! it was kinda fun to have a kitty cat for a day! :)cookie dough + glee + packing to go home = a great afternoon!!!Shindig at my house at 7!! call for directions! :Dwishes everyone a very Merry Christmas *PROPNAME*!book-faced HACKED!!!! muahahahahahaCan't wait to go to TEXAS!!!!! :Ddoesn't want to study anymore!!loves having her language preference as English (pirate)!!!!! arrrrggg matey!!going to Chicago! :)LOVES SNOW!!!!! :)thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) Environmental physiology seems like a GREAT class!! :)has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... BUT I bought a class ring today!!!! :Dis back in EL, but not ready to start classes yet!! :(Can't wait for today to be over! then I'll have an application mailed, and be off to Texas!! :)now has pierced ears!! :) but I can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like I'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :PJUST GOT THE BEST INTERNSHIP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the Seneca Zoo in Rochester, NY!!!!! :DDinner with *PROPNAME* and then I'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :DGO STATE BEAT THE BOBCATS!!!!!can't believe it. I wore my favorite bracelet and ring to 3rd degree today. Real Turquoise and silver, and come home, to realize that I lost the stone in the bracelet!!! :'( if anyone has seen it, PLEASE let me know!!!!IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!! IN KENTUCKY!!!!!!! I guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :Dthinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://needs to FOCUS!!!!!thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! Last night was so much fun! going to UofM on a whim to see old friends! :Dwas worried when she saw the new facebook layout page until she figured out how to get to Tetris! She is ridiculously addicted to that game! :Pthinks break.com is the best website ever! :)is listening to mice play and chat in her ceiling! ://GO STATE!!!!!!! WOOT!!!!!!!!! SECOND YEAR IN A ROW!!!!!!!! nothing could make this day better!!!!is sleeping :)now has unlimited texting!! Yessssss!!IT'S SNOWING!!!!!! :Dthinks she was sleepwalking last night"...I don't remember wearing this when I went to bed..."you know I've been busy when I haven't played tetris in 3 days! :Pis going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in Euk. Cell bio, and then 2-3 in Environmental Phys.... oh goodie... ://
No, I don't want any Patriotic Panties! Stupid facebook adsIs aparently the new Michael Jackson. The real one will be missed though.pretty happy after a good weekend, and after getting to go to a party and see some really close PCC friends once moreI'm trying to think of what's on my mind right nowfinally got behind the wheel of a vehicle today... and nearly crapped his pance!is now a permitted driver and organ doner!Know what sucks, when there is this one person who the first time you saw them you thought they had absolutely one of the most lovable personalities and nicest smiles ever and you try to let them know that they mean so much to you in the little time you have around them and somewhat fail to do that then you keep in touch with them nearly every week you're not around them for a year and you see them onlyboth times you plan to tell them that and fail each time, so you right one of the longest, heartfelt notes about them to show them the next time you're with them and when you finally find your grand chance to see them and maybe finally tell them that they've meant more to you than anyone else you've ever known you find out that they've just got into a relationship with someone else.saw airforce one yesterday on Otis Airforce Base.just got back from a Nickelback concert.enjoyed doing Thriller on stage at the Oktoberfesttwo times in that period,Snow day! Woohoo! Ha this is my first status update in like three months. Umm, giggidy, giggidy, goo!
Me + Exams = Epic Phail ~.~*begins chanting in an unknown language with warcraft music playing in the background*Is gonna get his own laptop soon (tomorrow) >.> Finally... after all these years... waiting... for my revenge!! (on the online world that is) :OAfter spending time on watching Code Geass instead of doing my PW... I realised... that is was soooo worth it... Best Anime Show Ever... Fuck The Ending... ugh...ITS OVER 9000!!!@#$%^&!! :DBelieves that life is like the open sea, and truth is the wind in our sails. (no wonder I'm not moving)I suck!Just experienced water rationing. It was fun. It's what happens when construction workers screw up and break the water pipe for your block... LOL (no water the whole day today and tomorrow) :oJust had an awesome Friday. Like, Seriously... hahaSongRocxzxzxzxzzxI have to run, run to the moment that set me free. I need to know why I hear the sound... the sound of my dream -Nothing comes to my mind...Realised that he is actually a Virgo... lolThere is no emotion; there is peace. There is no ignorance; there is knowledge. There is no passion; there is serenity. There is no death; there is the Force.Thanks to some random person in my class having H1N1, my exams have been postponed for like... A ENTIRE WEEK!!! So now... Back to Warcraft... and imma panic later XDNeeds to wake up...needs to change...is now even less likely to study because fortune teller genius told him that he didn't have to >.>Loves the rain, it makes him feel better for some reason... good bye suicidal thoughts, hello happy ones ^^ MOAR RAIN PLZ!!!!! D:Needs to stop consumption of harmful substances ... but can't D:Thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes, appreciate it (:wants the world to hurry up and end already.....Reflecting upon an entire week of school break: - Good News - I cleaned my room! - Bad News - That was about the only beneficial thing I did the entire week..... Conclusion: I'm sooooo screwed..... >_>He who has not found something which he would die for has no right to live.After 3 hours of online reading and research, I have diagnosed myself to have a type of Red-Green colour deficiency, under Anomalous Trichomy, called Deuteranomaly. LIFE SUCKS! ...So many words and faces... So many different voices... Where do they lead...I love chaos, for most are consumed by it, blind to its hidden beauty, allowing me excludibility to revel at its magnificence.I officially have got nothing to do ... at all... like... seriously...Weak hearts faint, When troubles rises. Brave hearts soars, Steals all the prizes. False heart, it shrinks small in peace. And finds in fear, no sucrease.It has been confirmed... I'm going to poly! >=D Now... to find a job while I wait... >.>The americans have forgotten that they were once terrorists to the british ~Can't believe he overslept today... of all days... ~.~ The Day of Reckoning is at hand! XDnever thought that he would see the day where he would wish for failure.The world is so desperate nowadays that the promise for peace can win a man a Nobel Prize. Let's hope that he keeps his word.I need to get a shirt that says, "I don't speak Chinese!" ... Like... seriously... ._.needz moar!Trust should only be given to those who truly understand its value.Let's see... we've had typhoons in pacific asia, and now heavy flooding in the UK, bushfires in Australia, Landslides in Turkey, Volcano Eruption in Colombia, New mutation of H1N1 that's resistant to tamiflu, and a whole lot of violent human related killings, while here in Singapore we complain about water reaching our ankles... WTF?!When you start debating to yourself on the mechanisms of magic, you also subconciously debate as to the strength of your hold on reality. Conclusion: Fantasy is addictive. O,ONo sense makes nonsense, but nonsense makes sense. So what then is nonsense, in a world without sense? O.oIt's amazing how easily you can find aunties that speak both Malay & Chinese but not english...Me, myself, and my computer. Deja vuhad a - has a fever. Got stuck in a jam at orchard road. After the jam, bus broke down. While waiting at a new bus stop, two busses drove by without stopping. Ended up taking four hours to get home. God is Evil.is finally on a Role Playing World of Warcraft Server! All aboard the Fantasy train! >=DNo more TV mobile Next year... I am sad... D:"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."Women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself -- like, for instance, when he can't find any clean socks...Watched Inglorius Basterds on Blu-Ray followed by Avatar in 3D and is feeling soooo Epic. Dayum.New philosophy for 2010: If it makes you feel good, then I say do it.WoW Patch 3.3 is out... It's titled, "Fall of the Lich King" ... WHY MUST ARTHAS DIE?! OH GOD WHY?! T-T ((Then again... Yay for Justice! ^^))is cutting his hair bald -A break from the norm in the wake of this storm is the strange sound of silence as I wait to be bornWell, according to my parents, when I was like 6, everytime my sister tried to call me 'abang', I'd shout at her and say, "Brother!! Not abang!!" At least now I know why I never got anywhere with malay >.>There was a staff meeting earlier today... When everyone was gathered, attention focused on the manager, I heard the Godfather soundtrack start to play over the speakers... just before the manager started speaking... Coincidence? I THINK NOT! >.>I made an oopsie :>There's this guy at my workplace who only speaks chinese. We communicate through hand signals and inferrence on my part. At first, I just thought that he was really friendly, brotherly love and all that. Then when the aunties saw him smiling at me, then told me in english, "He's Gay." Now I'm scared O_OSomething Wicked This Way Comes... ... o.oQuote of the day: "Sex is a weapon the girls use to defeat us!" - Random Primary school boys who were sitting behind me on a bus... lolIs sooo screwed for his promos..... Good Bye JC Life... ~.~I have got loads of naturally white hair, am easily fatigued, suffer from the occasional backache, and am now growing a nice round tummy, apparently. I'm getting too old for this...
can't wait to have all the stuff moved into the new place in Oak Park today!is glad that apparently there is no law of diminishing comedic returns with space poopcan't believe we ordered the 250,000 chocolate bag at Red Light and won four free chef's tasting meals, complete with wine pairings!is slightly disappointed to find out that you harvest horsehair from the horses on Farmville rather than, say, glue or dog food. Does that make me a bad person?is not happy that *PROPNAME* pulled a Blaise. I'll still go to your restaurant *PROPNAME*!is wondering if both of these teams should be kicked out of the NFL. I think the top 5 NCAA teams could easily beat either of these teams.thinks they should add tomacco as a crop on farmville.Out of work as of January 15th, anybody with any leads in structural engineering, please let me know.just received an extra 360 kb of storage for his computer in the form of a 5 1//4" floppy from the guy near me who's retiring. It's going to come in handy for that extra 20 seconds of music that won't fit on my hard drive.thinks you guys have more brains than a zombie Thanksgiving.Sex can screw things up. Why do you think the Three Stooges went through so many *PROPNAME*'s?Bad Office! You know better than to do a clip show.I don't mean to swear, but I am really irritated right now!has the same feelings about Up in the Air as Homer did about the three little pigs animatronics at Storytime Village. "That was good... but not great."just found out that *PROPNAME* wrote both the Band-Aid song and the State Farm song. *PROPNAME*. For real. I couldn't believe it either.Why am I always asleep during the earthquakes? I never feel them!is watching the USA play Switzerland in hockey and thinks the announcers should say that the Swiss team is full of holes.
is chasing your steeeeaahlightGetting fat nooooowwwwwwww!Today's goal: wash and put away all the dishes and utensils in Casitas 8. Oh snap.is listening to Chinese metal out of curiosity. It is interesting.Sir, you know.has got it goin onA fear of loss, that's all it is...just found a little piece of popcorn chicken in his fried fish balls. It was crunchy. MLIAmust stop impulsively visiting this site. Remembering when I was just on a few minutes ago might help.is not making fun of you.Sac airport finally got a new PA announcement.is at Dad's place.is someone...is EV training. If you know what that is, yeah...shoot me.Power and love and self-controlThese Bots are taking over...I'm Captain Basch fon Ronsenburg of Dalmasca!Chocolate snow...some stay warm and others feel the cold.has no more third molars.has a new old game.wants to be deaf so he'll have to use sign language so he'll have to communicate more directly.Viridian, cerulean, saffron, fuchsia, and all that good stuff.just got up.Nothing to do in lab because the TAs messed up in turning yeast into spheroplasts on time. Too good to be true.
is in Kuwait, soon to be at FOB Warhorse Iraq
Totalled my car last night. Luckilly no one was injured. Thank god I have GAP insurance. Merry ChristmasOh well. Only two things to do when your team gets crushed in the playoffs. And I just so happen to have booze handy.And the cabin fever begins.
Ai is coming to San Jose on Sept. 4th =DHappy Lunar New Year, Chuc Mung Nam Moi, Xing Nian Kwai Le
is stuck on Band-Aid brand, cuz Band-Aid's stuck on me!Just going to grab some raw fish................saw HP6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. Not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the nNeed to re-learn my patterns again... awesome...FREE SLURPEE DAY!!!has GOT to stop waking up at 1pm...is not feeling exactly top-notch...will have too many notifications at the next log in...First day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me...is tired and for some reason is looking forward to classes starting...2 months of hell yet again... FMLgot to play with fire in front of a crowd... YAY!!!is in love with Ren Fest...3 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!What a great day!!!loves the Pirate English version of Facebook!!!has a choice...2 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ren Fest with rain - Still good!!!kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!finance class :(GETS TO SLEEP TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!3 HOURS LEFT!!!!!!!!!!As much as I like our family's mechanic, I really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... :(is dying!!! HEEEEELPPPPP!!!!!Saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire LIFE!!!feeling slightly better...I've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing Bejeweled Blitz to cause it to go offline. MLIAis potentially going to be pulling an all-nighter. feel free to txt to keep me entertained//awake...:))))))))finally caught up on sleep :D now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late...ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! Vote for the short "AFTER HOURS" to support *PROPNAME* - our local Michigan talent and a wonderful person. Repost please!!! http:////www.thirteen.org//sites//reel13//category//vote//is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow :)Yesterday after school, I got bored and decided to go into the backyard and play with my slingshot. I didn't have any ammo, so I just used peanuts and shot them at trees. I decided to shoot at one really far away. Out of nowhere, a squirrel leaped out of a tree, intercepted the peanut, landed on another tree, ate the peanut, gave me what looked like a thumbs-up, and ran away. Ninja squirrel, you amaze me. MLIA.would love to sleep, but *PROPNAME* writes too damn well!!!is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that...gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut :)considers himself to be one of the luckiest men EVER!!! ^_^WOW!!! I just spent 20 minutes reading just this one strip... http:////xkcd.com//657//can't handle reading any more crap about Barbies and other competing brand dolls!!! This is ridiculous - the only thing making me feel a little more manly is the beer in my hand...acquired 6 brothers and sisters today...4 school days left until winter break!!! YAY!!!will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat...LMAO: (512): you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to "man up" when it criedlistening to some VERY odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it...wishes it was December 17th sooner :(cannot wait to pass out - too bad that's not gonna happen til friday night...gonna be at the library til late, then at the Prez's house even later. txt or facebook if need anything - call if being killed...well.... expected returns are like "oh, it's just you..." but unexpected returns are like "WHOA!!!"can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night...SNOW!!!stupid people are stupid and Beverly Hills Police is at it's best as usual... ( *PROPNAME* needs to call me!!!)EPIC: Today while walking on campus I saw three people riding a motorized couch. Random? MLIA.is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight :)got home today. Up north was GREAT!!!can't wait til thursday... <3Happy New Year, Facebook denizens!!!apparently the mysterious "*PROPNAME*", who allegedly works for my company decided to order more stuff for me from some office supply company. I'm supposed to get 4 more packages tomorrow... hmmmm.... i almost have enough to build an epic fort!!!MLIG!!!can't wait til thursday again... <3being fancy is fun...OMG!!! THE SUN IS TOOOO LOUD!!!!!!!!second half of the day got snowed in - gonna take a nap and then be productive :)just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for? p.s. Thank you to everyone who could make it out to Novi to watch me test or to celebrate at the banquet afterward - it really means a lot to me.just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for?
AHHHHH!!!! The best surprise ever!is soooooooooooooo sick :(geneva....geneva... geneva - you should just pay for a bus ticket back to nyc...Yeay to Squamish!Thanks for all the birthday wishes!Hoping it's not gonna rain today... or... in the next week... or... ever.Thanks for all the birthday wishes and Madison Beach 6:30. Everything's casual.Excited about *PROPNAME*'s awesome pics from yesterday;)me thinks I'm healthyoh life.Driving down Mosel to Luxembourg! Then catching the early bird tomo to Baaar-the-looona yippee7 days and counting...In Barcelona - simply amazingthen second - can i make things worse than it already is?Dr. Horrible Blog, reminds me of the themes in Wicked. sooo goood.Vancouver... Wednesday night... yes?is stoked about this weekend. Marble Canyons: here we come!
cage match: nyquil versus summer cold. ONE NIGHT ONLY! who will be victorious?excited for the wilco show tomorrow!would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and death threats it means aloti better pay the library 3.60 or the man is coming to my houseframed roger rabbitgreat victory over the coldis almost 26!taking the Friday train to weekend townsurvived the fair it was a good timeWILCO OR BUST YEEHAW!!1!!11preparing for another day of boilingis enjoying some tahoe sunshineis off to dreamlandTahoe, Here we come!had a great weekend thanks to everyone who showed for the terrible t-shirt partyGI JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE!the spice exists in all of usis convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 5:00PM he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.The King of Pop is dead. :(Lakers: Raised to the 5th PowerHappy 4th of July People!sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. If anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable AC unit. Stop by the palace in petalumais playing real life tetris with moving boxesMOVERAMA! part 5: Our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. Will our courageous cast live to see Novato, or will their new living quarters be the Marin County Home for The Destitute and Ill-At-Hepatch//paint//spackle attackpack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. BOX BOX WR#T%R$TY%RYHtg!@##$$#as the laziest man on earth, moving makes me sad.hide away!loves summer eveningsafter along sleepless week, I am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 12:00 on a Friday nights. Now if I can just find my dentures and canedinner with *PROPNAME*!MOVERAMA! part four: My floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and I have set fire to all non essentials. Now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itselflooking forward to checking *PROPNAME* out of the the post-bar mental institution. Congrats to all you bar -takers out there!well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight. *PROPNAME*phish at shoreline tonightLakers can haz championship!The King of Pop could be dead :(is baking cookies in his room...because it is an ovenjust got his marin county library card. Let the nerdery commence!is Sleepy McSleepersonCompassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us. *PROPNAME*gym=the hurtno sleep make brain work bad.just tested curb hopping the subaru with *PROPNAME* in SR. I laughed so hard I think I broke somethingAccept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. *PROPNAME*Hamlet: And therefore as a stranger give it welcome. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Hamlet Act 1, scene 5, 159–167looking forward to all the terrible t-shirts!back at the Petaluma Palaceleft his heart in san francisco and thus had a massive coronary arrest upon exiting the citydugout bar tonight. Live it.Love it.up in Tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. Its a beautiful day to be aliveoh the hazards of loveonce more unto the breach...back from magical nappy-noo land. Man did I need it.doing the walk through with the landlord today. An epic battle of wills commencesJuly 4th=Extra servings of gaperadelooking forward to spamalotis ready for a nappy-nooMOVERAMA! Final Act: Despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of Novato!When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. Viktor E. Franklout of the mountains and into the bayof to the dentist to get work done on the grillpurging the non-believers from the itunes libraryis excited for the fair. Cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride themoff to the mountains to visit the peeps!To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;come one come all *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are playing britfest in Truckee. Its a guaranteed good time!moverama round three: this time the whole world is moving, at least inside my headgetting down with the sickness :(the headache gremlin is backHappy Father's Day to the Old Man and the rest of you Dad's out there!is out of Petaluma in a month and down to novato. Camp Lotsafun is shutting down :(is glad his room is now a little cooler than the surface of the sunafter this week The Move will finally be at an end thank you sweet Jesustime to step out of the internet and get some sunmy brain=monday molasseswireless card beats wireless adapter thank god for steady internetzsetting the lazyometer to 11monday night malaise"Hell is empty And all the devils are here" - William Shakespeare, The Tempest, 1.2Friday I'm in loveits going to be a boiling, yet beautiful daywistfully workingready for nappy noo timehanging with the parental unitsmonday morning why do you come on so strong?shakespeare in the park not a bad way to spend a sundayWe must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. ~*PROPNAME*tis a lovely night for a strollrazzle dazzle cafe zazzle!I enjoy Thursdays masquerading as Fridaysportland was fun but its good to see the sunafter months of procrastinating, I am finally watching the last season of battlestar galacticathe teeth are now in open revolt. I must make an appeal to the dentist tomorrow to quell political unrestinsurance just checked in to see what condition my pre-existing condition was inoh Portland, how i love theeToday you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You. *PROPNAME*I fought the box and the box won :(grumpy mcgrumpersonwhiskey a go-go!bills for my grillWe are the music-makers, And we are the dreamers of dreams *PROPNAME*i can haz dinner?drink em if ya got em. Its the big one todaygiants game tonightfinally feeling somewhat moved in. It might be a miracle folks!Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday. ~Author Unknownmy body doth protest about the gymSol Food For Lunch!is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. They seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fearsleepy mcsleepersonAll great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. *PROPNAME*mondazejust got tickets to the phish show at shoreline!the dentist man cometh at 12:00well after being moved in for months I finally hung up some pictures. go go lack of motivation!grilling and good beer. A pretty awesome way to spend a saturday nightWe are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on. *PROPNAME*mondazedmonday morning brain is brokeni is teh tiredbreaking the intarnetzbeing on a diet means I have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?hardly strictly tomorrow may we all have fun and make it out aliveFriday afternoon catatoniamade it back from the festival. A coupla of bee stings and whiskey draught and some awesome tunes...what an awesome daythe tooth uprising has been quelled thanks to the loyalist forces of the dentist. My mouth remains a politically intact less painful regionbeestings still itch like its going out of style. docta says I need a beeiotomyThe robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief. ~William Shakespeare, Othellothe teeth are rebellingseason 3 of dexter is keeping it pretty realyeah steelers!nappy noo timeit was so cold this morning I am pretty sure that I hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my cartrying out chrome for the first time seems pretty quick on the uptakeif the itching continues from the stings I am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashionthe new muse album is awesomeand with the onset of autumn comes the autumn cold. fmlboise idaho or bustgot a bronze medal for the mps run!Boise, Idaho Day 3. French Fries are happiness deep-friedhaving no bay bridge makes me sadhas won the nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this yearits a hot one folkskind of digging the weird weather todayback in cal woo hoo!after a crazy week of travelling finally back in ca.looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. My name is Captain *PROPNAME*Hey All The Good Old Tahoma Lodge now has a fan page. Please join to support Boyce and Kay, or to remember the good times.the spice exists in all of usbreaking the internethappy halloween people try not to mix the booze and the candy too much!setting the lazy dial to 11we could go gently into the good night, or we could have a drink and toast the coming dawnwaiting for november to get the cold weather memoIn Cal for one day then back out to see the family in Portland. Vagabonds R Usit smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. Next comes volcanic ash and burningkevin smith tonight!Thor the Thunder God is knocking at my doorits opening day at *PROPNAME* Memorial Park for Cold Season! BOO! :(beam me up scotty!october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!bee stings itch“Speed is not part of the true Way of strategy. Speed implies that things seem fast or slow, according to whether or not they are in rhythm. Whatever the Way, the master of strategy does not appear fast….Of course, slowness is bad. Really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy.” *PROPNAME*Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. EpicurusBoise, Idaho day 2. Where there is hope, there is potatoesHARDLY STRICTLY OR BUST!ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZgood times in the mountains. Now I return to do battle with the nefarious arch-villain mondayYour time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.” Steve Jobsmy immune system is battling the cold. There is most uncivil war going on in the body. Collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentenceskevin smith and halloween this wknd. shaping up to be a big onemy body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. At least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.the hour doth approachmonday night madness at work. Ask not for whom the work bell rings, it rings for *PROPNAME*art show! Someone might mistake us being sophisticatedsleep good. me like sleep.cold but sunny here in the mountainsgood times up in the northern reaches. Hoping everyone is still intact from SantarchyBe content to seem what you really are. *PROPNAME*the endorphin rush of going to the gym after three weeks of being fat and lazy is a nice change of pacemexican standoff with monday tomorrow at 8:00AMholiday party: This means even Santa is going to drink.congrats to the newly weds!going up to the halls of the mountain king to see if he has any turkey to offer. Happy Turkey day to all of you out there in the interwebs :)everyone has their own anodynehappy holidays everyonedoctor says i need a backiotomy from all this movingIf the children don't grow up Our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up We're just a million little gods causing rainstorms Turning every good thing to rustgypsies have carried the furniture off into the night"We are the music makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams;—World-losers and world-forsakers,On whom the pale moon gleams:Yet we are the movers and shakersOf the world for ever, it seems." *PROPNAME*Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet. *PROPNAME*I get on the road to Tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking aboutMost of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. The tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. - *PROPNAME*currently addicted to the latest Wilco albumgotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. I predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noonHutchins Ahoy!I wantz to see avatar in 3dThere is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. Dalai Lamaback to work tomorrow. If I can remember where I work and what I did for work before the year ended.Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food. *PROPNAME*this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.the tax man comethfighting the good fight or at least tryingmonday morning= broken brain"Beyond mountains there are mountains." - Haitian Proverb“Hell is empty and all the devils are here.” Shakespearecheer up emo kidSo it goes.When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ... Buddhist Proverbnothing like having stuff stolen out of your car to brighten your day. Go humanity!apparently my fb account emailed a bunch of people malware. If you received a facebook email from me with a one line response and link to a website please disregard it and delete itand now for somethign completely differentback in the habitFriday why do you come on so strong?well survived the city and SFO in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good dayGood to see Tahoe kids pulling some medals. Congrats *PROPNAME*!We're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too." - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. The world will miss you :(
(purposefully contradicting *PROPNAME*) AGHH!! The heat! *opens arms in welcoming fashion*. I mean, you all complain when it's cold and rainy, as per usual, and you complain when it's warm. CONSISTENCY, PEOPLE!It’s true what they say; ignorance IS bliss. I envy kids that way, for not having the mental maturity to understand all the problems surrounding them. It’s nice to see that happiness and naivety every once in a while.is introspective...CRISIS Next weekend my brother is having a ‘giant’ sleepover with four of his devil spawn minions. 1) Isn’t he a little *old* for that kinda thing? 2) Last time ONE of them came over, I had to listen to Three Days Grace on full blast on my iPod so I could concentrate enough to READ. Yes, you heard me! If anybody who a) isn’t a pervert, and b) doesn’t hate me could offer a place to stay, I would be grateful...is craving a vanilla latte and some new good music 'cause she's bored of just going through her shuffle... something Decemberist-esque? (Ha, that's a mouthful.)Has anyone seen our homework timetables? Fucking A.I had pancakes for lunch. I'm gonna die young and fat :'(FUCKING HELL! THE THUNDER IS RIGHT ABOVE THE HOUSE!"Ooooooh, I think I smell a rattttt"The lighting's really weird out; the sky is dark, but everything else is almost luminescent.made lemon cupcakes with pink icing. Ahhh, E. numbers."Halfway around the world Lies the one thing that you want Buried in the ground, hundreds of miles down First thing that arises in your mind while you awake Bending you til you break""I'm a road runner honey and you can't keep up with me" ~Aerosmith :)Got a brilliant new playlist :D I heart it.REDRUM.wants to bury her head in a hole.And it's an ALL-NIGHTER.OMG! BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!! SQUEE!!!burnt finger again...How do you find out your fucking color group?has burnt her finger. It really hurts, as well.I must be pregnant, or something. It's not natural to have hummus cravings...Downloading a new playlist. 1 hour, 40 minutes to go - woopee!is, decidedly, an eloquent drunk.Ugh I'm hungry. Siren Song - Bat For Lashes. Take Me To The Riot - Stars. Consolers Of The Lonely - The Raconteurs. Running Up That Hill - Placebo.Ugh.There are so many fucked up people because there are so many fucked up marriages or lack thereof.To anyone who gives a shit, look at the photo I found of Wogie!!!Tired with a pancake craving...Buzzz...Shitty day + Monday Migraine + Late home = URRRRRRRRG!Half of my English coursework done. Woot!*Swallows down last mouthful of seventh cup of tea today*Sick - bleh :(What modules//points do we have to revise for Chemistry?SIX-HUNDRED DAYS!My brother is watching the Jerk Theory for the third time since Friday.IPOD FIXED!!!! YAY!!!My hair smells like cookies...worrying... :SHad great day in the snow with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. More to follow tomorrow :DThe Vanishing Act of *PROPNAME* <3My inability to wash up properly means that nobody trusts me to do it :)It's freaky. My brother's only two inches off me. Eh, he still has freakishly large feet. I can live happy with that abnormality even if it's not accompanied by a 5'4" frame.Spent all day watching Glee. I hate it and love it at the same time. SO CHEESY!Was ANYONE else off school today? I was sure nobody would be able to get in. Eh."NOT THAT KIND OF ESCORT!!!" Hehehe.I'd swear the 'rents were just yelling "gavinda" right now...Caffine. Check.EVERYTHING FUCKING ACHES! (Don't you dare like this, *PROPNAME*.)
is a Stanford graduate and leaves for Beijing tomorrow.found red bean paste in her chocolate croissant this morning, and reluctantly switched her inner monologue from French back to Chinese.struggles to say that she's taking a class on "Networking" with a straight face.is energized by super last minute flights, and very grateful to *PROPNAME*'s mother.is enchanted by this website (http:////www.inbflat.net//), even if her chinese internet can't load fast enough to properly display the videos.got six pairs of shoes for Christmas. It might officially be time for her to stop wearing her much loved Cirque du Soleil flip-flops.just finished a Christopher Lin-induced SNES binge. Donkey Kong Country: complete. Aladdin: lamentably ongoing. There's a party here in Agrabah, if you care to revitalize her Arabian efforts.
is shocked at her grades, not as bad as I thought!is sooo sick of douche bags! kick rocks bitches!!!!!3 days clesased! woo!is sooooo stressed out! argh...where is katie????is getting ready to get crunk and party like its 1999! holla at a playa! LOLnot to be a bitch but...if i hear about one more celeb dying from drug overdose i'm going to fing lose it...get it together and act like adults...ridicsuggests everyone see harry potter and bruno! both great movies!!!is not for the narrow minded!keep hatin bitches...i'm just getting started! weeeees toenails look neon in the sun, but grungie in the shade...don't get yellow! LOLis sooooo excited to see Mu Sochua speak today!!!wants to do something fun!!! any ideas??I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, deedle-e-dee!skipped the gym today, but is willing to make up for it by dancing!! going to mix! WOOwe've all done things that we are ashamed of...if anyone saw kanye on leno tonight well...he's not sooooo bad. :-)Come on Cowboys!!!!!is waiting for the progressive man wishing she were at the gym! :-(wishing away my weekend so I can watch Monday night football!COWBOYS WIN!!!What the french is this tsunami business about!?!?just realized I'm missing lovefest! wtf! :-(*PROPNAME*: So... Saturday night, the big night. Date night. Saturday night, Sa-tur-day night! *PROPNAME*: No plans, huh? *PROPNAME*: Not a one. ~~HA HA HA HA HA!i want to carve a pumpkin!ready for a new day after a disappointing evening!yeah buddy! cowboys!why does everyone think the rain is time to play or walk extremely slow with their heads down....WTF!oh yes its ladies night, and the feelins right! oh yes its ladies night, oh what a night...i got that boom boom pow! lol lol lol!what is everyone doing tonight?? i'm so bored.....Out in Sacramento tonight! Starting at Badlands! WOO HOO!biggest loser!!!! lolok...2 assignments and a midterm...then let the festivities begin! YAYYYYY!school...back to real life! :-(La Novia de Chucky...lolmy hangover + klonopin + gresy ass breakfast = festive events in me bed! :-)Let's go Cowboys!"and a britney song was on, and the britney song was on, and the britney song was on! so I put my hands up, they're playin my song, And the butterflys fly away, Noddin’ my head like yeah, Moving my hips like yeah" ~ oh yes, i went there!mom: "so you're playing hard to get? me: "who's playin, I am hard to get!" LOL LOL LOLshould be studying but is being naughty! tisk tisk! LOLdavis is toxic...Please fill out my survey at CA *PROPNAME* Survey Group!feeling productive!! YEE!just realized how much she missed all the girls! love you guys! XOXOis trying to find a movie to wath online...any suggestions??I am officially addicted to twilight! books and all!restless...irritated...what is a gamora party??:-DaaaaAAAAAHHHHH! tomorrow is the big day! SOOOOO excited!1 pot of coffee + very little sleep = a spastic delirious pammy! weejust saw a flash of channy's face on a commercial! YAY!just experienced her first clarksburg light parade! LOLtime to study...all done tomorrow night! yee!!!!being where I'm from, agricultural labor should be much more interesting to me...but, ughhhhhhhh! definately narrowing down potential career paths!why do i choose to embarrass myself every chance I get? ugh.i need another movie...damn insomnia!is a wee bit disappointed! :-(i'm on keeli's side...call me high school! LOLomg...finally got the next twilight book...yay!!HOLLER FOR GOOD GRADES!!!! woo hoo!football and basketball at center court?How bout them cowboys!!! YEEDon't be tardy for the party! LOLummm...ouch...cool cousins christmas makes me worthless once again! best tradition ever!OH boys...lets not be ghetto...i believe i can fly! woo! i believe i can touch the sky! think about it every night and day, spread my wings and fly away! i realllllly need something to do right now! lolnew year...maybe some new hair...i'm thinking chocolatie brown!getting ready to stalk taylor marsh...any hints would be helpful! LOLtrying something a little different...bringing in the new yar sober, hopefully it will be a reflection of the year to come! XOXOmost of my eyecandy is gone...time for a new gym! p.s. lost my phone! holler at me on here!back to school, back to school, prove to dad i'm not a fool...ugh...in a class with mostly 18 year olds, cursing myself for not taking com 1 my freshman year when i could've copied off of someone! damn it...lolYAY!!! got my new phone!!! HOLLER!!!!I find it odd that we're all just chillin on top of these massive plates floating on crazy hot elements that collide and shift. and all the while we stress these teeny tiny things...that's a pretty big picture! may god bless the people in haiti!BEST TUESDAY EVER!!! done with dmv, getting my diploma in march, and getting off prob. early!!! YAY!"it's raining, it's pouring, my whole life is boring, because of yooouuuuuu!" - if anyone beside weezie can name this quote i will be plesantly surprisedin mourning...what an embarrassment.i wish it was summer, i want to go on a boat.f* u raider fans! kick rocks!oh sweet sweet monday, you treated me so well...Today is an off day... thank goodness it's almost over! maybe some gym time at around 7:30 or 8? anyone... anyone?oh time for little anna nicole to take a bath...i love when her little face gets more "concern" wrinkles! too cute!stranded in the burg...someone come save me!!! lolOMG!!!! LOST!Tomorrow I officially stop having more fun! eek!note to self...do not eat curvy pickles...they will squirt you in the eye when bitten into too feverishly!wants to go to 2nd saturday right now!!!lonely and bored! WAHHHHHH!looking like this is going to be another sleepless night...dang itis warm and blood free...oh sweet sweet life! lolLOST b*tches!gonna go try bikram yoga for the first time! this should be interesting!officially EMPLOYED!!!!! YEE!!!!
summer goes so fast!!!in the citiesexcited for MOA day tripdoesnt wanna go back to work after vacation :(dentist today...yay...work work worklast cabin trip of the summer. sad :(busy...alwaysgoin up northI LOVE SNOW!!!i got rear-ended b4 i rear-ended someone...surprising.excited for boundary waters tripback from the citieswatching I Love Lucyto the cities :)doesnt wanna go back...leading day camptiredonly 3 weeks?! what happened???!!!math...stuffy nose. grr...sooooooo much stuff to do this week.is trying to do her chem lab but keeps getting distracted by thisdoesn't like mondays.only kinda sick-ish. yay!*cough, cough* must get more cough drops! *cough*trying to decide on some colleges to visit.Hope i dont have too much h//w to make up tomorrow...that is if i can go back tomorrow. grrrrrr. i hate being sick!tired and sick...sick and tired. grtired...just like usualnot sick!!! yay!homework...:(Homecoming!!!!if a cat always lands on its feet, and toast always lands buttered side down, what happens if you strap a piece of toast to a cats back and drop it?minnesingers last night. bored today...picking up leaves...i love fallwe need more long weekends.nervousChristmas!!!Up North this weekend. So excited!!! :Dskiing in -2 degree weather...what better way to celebrate the new year?almost halfway there!ah...end of the semester & a rly long week. these are the best fridaysmust read Asher Lev...grrrr....ugh...mondaydoesn't wanna go to school tomorrow.ugh...mondayshmmm...what is on my mind? idrk...i think i mighta left it @ atwood last night...either that or its just ignoring me today.confused...i should really stop trying to think on Thursdays..."Everything in this room is eatable. Even I'm eatable. But that is called cannibalism, my dear children, and is, in fact, frowned upon in most societies."Dear *PROPNAME* tonight! good thinking *PROPNAME* !SATURDAY!!! :Ddoes it actually feel like we got out early to anyone?
ROARis well and festive and taking advantage of summer.I love *PROPNAME*is on his way to a wedding in the beautiful Peace Garden State.is looking through West to East.needs to take fewer joys for grantedis variably responsibleis disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventureis watching the Perseid meteor shower the next two nights.is spending the holiday drifting down the Huron.can smell school approchingwas chased by veloceraptors for a good hour, at least.passed a family of ducks, two squirrels, a chipmunk, a raccoon, and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room.prioritizes the human over the applied, with mixed results.stretchedis water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down.celebrated dusk with the bats of *PROPNAME*is designing a mausoleum. Go Halloween.spent Monday night in a plie of leaves, 150 feet above Lake Superior.grows less responsible with time.needs to work on discipline, decisiveness, and time.spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort, has a thanksgiving potluck tonight, birthday dinner tomorrow, and crazy Canadian adventure over the weekend :DThank you, all, for you birthday wishes, and may the holiday bring you peace., unexpectedly, really enjoys waking up insanely early to work.While we might get two, the west coast will get 6 to 9, and my jealousy of Lake Effect Snows grows ever greater.the Leonid meteor shower, with up to 5000 meteors a night this year, is peaking Monday night from roughly 11 pm until 4 am on Tuesday :-Dwill be fighting with computers continuously for at least the next week.in the final throes of Archlandis always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide, formaldehyde, and uric acid.just wants to be settled in a great many things.has had an amazing and adventurous holiday, full of games and leftovers and hitchhiking.is glad to be.argh.is full up of memories of forested shrines, crashing beaches, and one very long, very windy road.is Monsterballin' (*PROPNAME* is awesome!), then off to a weekend of rockin' out with siblings and relaxing in giant blanket forts.is settling down for the end of an amazing summer.is work, school, firepit, Manhattan, school.is back to schoolhas three bucks, two bags, one me.Should get in to Ithaca sometime before morning, and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3D models.is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines.
is sleepy, excited, and wondering...is in need of sleep and clean laundrywants someone to see My Sister's Keeper with her!!!!!!!!!brokan lttrs hart hot ppl lif goo kim koolis so tired...yawnneeds to catch up on sleep...is soooo sleepyis going to chill tonight, maybe order thai, and just relax....is kinda confused....sighis listening to *PROPNAME* like it is her job, is hungry and unsure of what to eat, and is questioning everything and yet nothing....blah hungry like a wolf!got Skype, and is still figuring out how to use it...like in that she has no idea how to since she just downloaded it...feels like it is off to the first day of school tomorrow, has the cleanest room ever, and is really happy :)is not loving the rain. sighis happier today. Today was better. She talked to her supervisor, and an amazing thing happened...things got better. Oh and life is good with Thai food. YUMMY!! I love you....is not loving the new gig, is praying something better comes along, and would like to see the new Harry P movie. Oh and could use a long napwants to go see Harry P. and would love to go back to sleep, but there is stuff that needs to get done. Booo...is tired. is trying to get energy to get out. oh boo.going out with the coolest chica EVA! *PROPNAME*, would you go on a date? Perhaps it is fate!is in need of a nap.is so brainwashed by Neutrogena ads. Praying for those who have less and for the strength to love all she has with patiencefeels a bit lost sigh that is lifeis not knowing what to do with the time she has on her hands. Park, stalking squirrels? Ugh...Does anyone need to hire an assistant? Boohas no idea where the time has gone. August? Seriously? Where did July go?IT'S A SUNSHINE DAY!!! laaaso tired after The Great Urban Race with Stella. She is a rock solid awesome teammate. Now off to D&B to celebrate the big 24 with *PROPNAME*! Yay busy and fun weekends!is feeling better...the rain cleanses...vule vooois happy to see no rain, hopes it lasts, is excited for what comes next, misses buddies back home, appreciates the buddies she is making up hereis so sore, but super happy about the new New Moon trailer. Sigh...needs one day at a time...sighis not really good at catching up on sleepis surprised that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are engaged. Found out not at Perez..watching "Speak" with pre-Twilight *PROPNAME*. Love her. So over this week. Need some Post Gradis happy when friends call out of the blue- *PROPNAME*, friends take random midnight walks with you- *PROPNAME*, and friends who make you crazy addicts for shows like "dead like me" - *PROPNAME*.omg trader joes delivers to me...yayhas the place to herself this weekend...hhmmmis really missing her friends from back home. She loves each and everyone of you...you know who you special people are :)was not impressed with Gossip Girl tonight. It better step it up, or I'm no longer watchingis so happy it is friday. laundry, library, sleep. ahhhloves beautiful days in NY with beautiful people, has a new temp gig starting Monday, has an interview Monday, and is pretty much loving life! xoxocan't sleep. Wishing she was 10 years old, and not about to be 24. Misses people, misses less worries, wishes people kept promises of yesterday, wishes things were as easy as swiping a credit card in life...my toe hurts, i hate work, i am tired. i am so not a grown up...thinks Vampire Diaries is helping her longing for the next Twilight movie be tamed. OOO sooo sexy! *PROPNAME* is soo much hotter than RP.is a bit stressedjust cried like a small child for *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding. I want to marry *PROPNAME*...so beautifulis soooo sleepy.....zzzzzzzzzzzzzis very cold, feeling jumpy, and ahhhhhhhhcan't wait til New Moon!is going to go have a chill day. all is going to be good :)songs from back in the day make her smile, wants it to be Friday already, and loves that for every worry she has her mom is there to tell her she will have a happily ever after :)what what! The leaves are a turnin' yellow! I hold the power of the button that lets people in the door..mwawaahh hahamet 2 girls named *PROPNAME* in line at Duane under the age of one, saw *PROPNAME* in the latest issue of GQ, and is happy that buying a new toothbrush head makes her believe in the world of new and wonderful possibilities. Love to all today and every other :)just got a call for an interview for a job she applied for back in June. Go figure. Sometimes things take time. Cross your fingers :)New York Marathon happening right outside her window. WOOOOis just not able to win on Vampire Wars..booo..at least she lives in NYC! Yay!listening like crazy to the Glee soundtrack, happy in her very clean room, excited for new beginnings, grateful for today, tomorrow, and everyday, even the bad ones :) a hug for everyone!thanks you so much for all the birthday wishes! She had a really amazing time :) xoxothe best ways to get rid of Moody Mondays, and the past few days of moodiness are to talk to mom, volunteer, talk to *PROPNAME*, watch an amazing episode of Dexter, and be thankful for all the blessings in life that are free for the taking :)squeals of little girl delight! Going home to South Florida tomorrow! Been over 6 months :)spending her Saturday night home watching movies with Hot Cocoa. Yum!has only 3 more days left before she gives her life away for *PROPNAME*'s Market Week...sigh..lolhas one extra day then she expected and begins her hardcore assignment Sunday, not Saturday. One day of extra rest never hurt anyone :)- smile and the whole world smiles with you. - motivation, not desperation will get you what you want. - the only way to go is up. - family is always there for you, and having even a handful of reliable friends makes life even better :)clocked in 14 hours today. Smiled at *PROPNAME* like a moron as she walked by...umm how was I to know what she looked like? At least I know who she is. Fashion is hard. Models are very nice though. Til next Tuesday...wants to be like *PROPNAME* and do a monologue of all her thoughts and feelings. If only the audience were up to it. Hmmm...had a better day than yesterday. Lack of sleep makes *PROPNAME* an unhappy girl#&*(@^!)& &*()!&*(#^!(*)@!*( ^*!&*(is walking on sunshine! Cold weather, hot cocoa, New Moon coming soon, good food in the tummy, and a brighter outlook on life. Yay! It is true... those things do pass, and sometimes they need a helping kick out the door. :) loldrum roll please...76.5 hours this week of working. :) Going back in at 7:30, then it is over Tuesday..yayis sooo happy. Things are coming together. So grateful for all the wondeful people in life that make it so great. Just so so so so happy!had a great time in the snow, seeing "Mr. Big" with *PROPNAME*and *PROPNAME*, and is happily relaxing now...but such a pity about *PROPNAME*. Live life to the fullest :)is going to see The Lovely Bones, cause it is already out in NYC..yay!is still thinking about how amazing the season finale of Dexter was...wow. And is now hooked on Lost...she gets it now. Still agonizing over seeing Boone go bye bye...sexy sexy manneeds a love song that speaks of boots that take your breath away, or the sadness inside you feel when a beautiful piece of clothing costs more than a teeth cleaning. No more of this stuff about wishing a guy//girl would love you. How about wishing you had a place to wear a $3,000 gown? Could afford a $3,000 gown? :)is sharing the secrets of the best products she has used lately. The InStyler- amazing hair, even with light mist outdoors. Urban Decay Primer Potion- I rub my eyes a lot and it still stays (wish it worked for mascara). Forever Makeup Aqua Eyes- gorgeous colors you will get tons of compliments, and it stays! Love to all :)is happy for the new year and is excited for all the wonderful things that are here now and are in the future :) xoxois having one of those days, but thankfully has come to the realization that moments do pass and tomorrow is a new day and the problems of this week will be a faded memory when next week comes around.soooooooooooooo EXCITED to see *PROPNAME* cause she ROCKS! In the meantime I am lmao at www.notalwaysright.comis going to see *PROPNAME*..WOOO...is going to see *PROPNAME*...WOOO! So psyched!!!!had delicious Thai food, needs to clean tomorrow, and is excited about getting busy at her new jobis looking at old photos...and is kinda glad she takes them off facebook every so often, so that she has them all to herself, and it helps her make sure she keeps moving forward ;)is pondering...how many people pop up on your facebook homepage you can barely recall having talked to in the last year? Hmmm....life it changesis lost, but in 2010 hopefully she will find her way and is making a promise to put herself first :)ugh that *PROPNAME* has the face of a nightmare...ewwwwants to be like the cute old couple on third avenue who sit outside, rain or shine, together happily watching people walk by...has been a negative person this week, and although the week is not up yet she will turn it around. Looking for hope to ward off the restlessnessblackwants to pose a question...if you could go back to several times in your life you wish you could do differently would you?is happy things are coming together for her job and self-wise...is a lot busier than she realized...feels good about keeping her resolution to be selfish to herself...and is letting other people make the effort, and it is great :)is sleepy, loves *PROPNAME*'s new blog, *PROPNAME*'s remodeled blog, *PROPNAME*'s new makeup, and is so pumped for New Moon!!! Did she mention she has the new CD and loves it?used to like facebook more, but it just is not the same...maybe it is time to change things up...is fulfilled in life! Is sooooo excited for everything! :)is sleepy, is sooo happy and content, is so lucky to have the many wonderful people she has in her life, and is really happy to have the opportunity to have work in such a crazy economy :)has a bump on her head she has no idea where it came from, loves the cold weather, feels like a weight has been lifted from her, and is confident in her choices here on out.
is watching Gossip Girl. This may mean I've failed to acquire taste.MJ died :(wants sleepis going to the lone star ruby conf. in August!Salvador Dali's distorted clocks were inspired by melting cheese. I'll never eat a grilled cheese sandwich the same way again.I find it funny that I keep clicking on unfamiliar names and wondering "When did I friend this person?" and until I realize they got married.thinks ice is the best puppy treat everpuppy training classes then UGA football weeewine + cheese + teebow's tears == funenjoying the latest Imogen Heap albumis in Atlantaspending a night with 9 IBM programmers feels like a chapter out of Microserfs.will miss Stadler.I :heart rubymade spicy coconut soup mmmback in Austinjust watched Back to the Future for the first time
rejects your reality and substitutes his own.why? i am."I'm sorry, I'm about to lose you because I'm about to drive into a tunnel in a canyon on an airplane while hanging up the phone." - Houseis sad that he missed out on fun to go work for ~7+ hoursit will be hot for the next few days, but it looks like we should be getting a denser cloud of percipitation coming over san diego soon which should help cool things down a few degrees. but don't hold me to it i'm not an actually meterologist so my interpertation of the satalite imagery might be off a little.thinks that sleep is a good idea and who ever invented sleep deserves a cookie. a big cookie. with chocolate chips. fresh from the oven. back to my point, sleep = good.First day of school = tired + scared for when real work comes.is amazing of course, and the Apples to Apples champion.never relized how tiring it is to be social for exstended periods of time.is watching reruns of House on Hulu. House rocks, and when he comes back in two weeks we will see how much worse the crazy people are when House goes at them.is excited that he was able to perdict the weather by properly interperting satilite imagery!!WINS! take that MalMalis going to be full of himself for no real reason for the next couple of hours. He also made really good chocolate chip cookies, from scratch by hand.just got a shot in his ass for his headache, that works like how he imagines works like Vicodin for House's leg. Minus the addictive part that is. Basicly *PROPNAME* is in a good mood now that he isn't in pain.I have my car back!! *does happy dance* No one witnessed that.is praying for a phone call from the doctors saying the neurologist accepted his referal and will see him soon.was at UC yesterday and apologizes if he seemed a little out of it today. They gave him another pain shot.just spent a half hour ductaping a tin can only to through it out. Then spent about an hour playing with ductape, and made pouch that he will never use. *PROPNAME* feels really cool right now. :)"I just want you to know that I'm saying something brilliant. I'm just not explaining it very well."has the systems for higher brain function and complex thought offline at the moment. We apologize for any incovience. (such as the spelling of this update)MR. FROSTY, that is the grand finish of a good summer.has decided that the laws of physics must not apply to his project. one side takes 21.59 seconds to drain water to the other side. The other side takes fron 58.9 seconds to 80.4 seconds to empty. The same results happen over and over with no explanation"Just because I know everything doesn't mean I'll be telling you anything true."s mind has decided to check out for a while. It left a note saying it should be back around 11 am tomorrow.s head would explode if his skull wasn't being hammered on by numerious sledge hammers. needless to say my headache has decided over the counter painkillers only make it more angry."... and then I have a witty response." -HouseI'm on call, to be there."Its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"feels the need to say something deep and profound, but its very late and he is tired from his workout today. With those conditions this is the best he's got.does all his status updates in 3rd person. This will likely never change.is exhausted, stressed, and is having an awarding winning bad luck streak in terms of things going his way. But for whatever reason was nominated for the homecoming courts.is tired and probably sick but likes to stay positive and think its just allergies(pretty sure thats spelled wrong too). But had an amazing time at a murder mystery party being the main investigator, and was close to getting the right answer but didn't have enough information. He also intends to finish polishing an essay for english that is way longer than any essay really has the right to be.just washed a paper plate so that he could use it for something else. It would have been easier to just grab a new one right next to him.has probably, most likely, lost what ever symbolance of a mind he once held."she only drinks coffee at midnight. when the moment is not right, and her timing is quite, unusual."made the most amazing burritos for dinner and feels sad that he can't finish them and enjoy their great deliciousness anylonger...6k+car break down+friday the 13th=me feeling superstious. 6k=fail=me tiredis awsome. Period.got his hair cut at 2 today. He just now hopes that he can replicate the hairstyle half as well as the stylist.s brain feels tired. Stupid SAT making be sit in a room for 4 hours when it should only take 2 1//2is tired and his pupils are still dominating each respective iris. Can anyone say super night vision?just reliezed that devouring chinese food the night before a 6k test isn't the best choice of foods to have consumed if he wanted to do well on the test.Saw the Mouse Trap! It was positively amazing!!! Great work to everyone!!woke up from sleeping over 13 hours about a 1//2 hour ago.s sister ate 5x's more than he did, she is 5"5 and 112lbs, in her first sitting than he did the entire meal.watched Transformers II with *PROPNAME*, has a neuro appointment tomorrow and can't find the headache log. Made pretty good pastries, will have them perfected when the next batch is made.Black friday shopping+ *PROPNAME*= fun Black friday +waking up = 3hours of sleep Yet somehow am oddly awake even if i've already had a full day before noon.got to sleep in like an hour only to wake up at 4. Black friday shopping with *PROPNAME*!!hears whale calls. Literally, there is a nature video playing in the backround.has the words "Merry Christmas" written in rope lights hung in the front window of his house."Oh the weather outside is frightful"Still has glitter stuck on his fingers. Thanks *PROPNAME* :)Rawwaarwaarr!!!feels the sleepy, its not even late yet.hid in the closet for the majority of the dayhung out at *PROPNAME*'s today, wrapping presents, then went to the park and played on the swing sets. Can anyone say awesome??riverside is a strange and wonderious, mostly strange, place were when you show up at noon you are required to murder avocados and eat dinner at 3:30. Merry Christmas world, i'm stranded with my family.saw pictures of his brain slice by slice. Has mild brain damage from his headaches and migraines, non-lethal so, !!!!!! happy!!!!!!!!!If you're wondering if I want you to, I want you to. So make a move, 'cause I ain't got all night.-Weezers head is better finally.loves his mind, hates his head.is eating dinasour oatmeal!!thank you world. Now if you don't mind, i'm going to get some sleep. Its a new decade, that makes us humans tired.i have Serenity in Blue-Ray. Its really really cool.is making better than sex cake. it better be, it certainly costs enough.Santa isn't bringing me presents this year. He sent Mal and River to do it, I don't think he considered the noise factor of Serenity though. (If any of you get the extreeeemly geeky reference I'm making, just smile and accept that every year i wish for Firefly to start up again)(Hint, Hint, Santa)I harbor a strong distaste for 6ks1 honest answer. you can ask me one question (send it to my inbox ) any question. NO matter how awkward it can be, I'll answer it honestly. There's no catch but I dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you.had a great time tonight!!"Its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place""You don't seem to annoy me as much as usaul, but are you sure thats a deficite??"i hate the new facebook. it sucks.there are two kinds of people who sit around think about murder all day.bets you can't guess what he is doing right now. Be appropriate.act + taco surf + lazer tag = one exhausted mind
I'm a facebook noob...Has a fever of 102 :(is going crazy from editing CSS files.Aion, I think that might be my next MMO addiction...If you can teach your parents computers, you can teach anyone.Whats the point in re-directing downloads?So much work, so little time...Why does firefox crash at the most important times?!Owl City - electronica, pop, alternative. What a great combination. Plus, their album is actually good unlike half the songs on the radio.
screw work and making yet another trip to social services to reapply for food stamps. I just want to write :(At last, award goes to *PROPNAME* for succeeding in getting me adequately smashed to incite vomiting (unless it was the bibim bap...)take on me.had about 15 billion dreams last night and remembers all of them. Nice work, hippocampus :)apparently, cotton-top tamarins like alien music.me: so he had cerebral palsy? *PROPNAME*: yeah, you could tell because his hand was all doodly-doo.life's a sexually transmitted disease.never despair, but if you do, work in despair. writingAs long as people are still having premarital sex with many anonymous partners while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound!thinks your Osama looks like a dirty wizardokay... going to try some techniques to facilitate lucid dreamingthe gods are angry todayis aliveis back.. with 21 pages of Fabulous notes to transcribeugh, must finish this book by Christmas, as it is surely the only meaningful thing I've done with my life thus far.hump day!is going to be productive when she's finished being lazywas quite productive today :) Time for Irish car bombs.the sky is fallingis floating around... 20 lightyears above the equatorial symmetry plane and about 28,000 lightyears from the galactic center of a large, spiral-shaped conglomeration of at least 200 billion stars.the pigman would give YOU a ride if he had a carI don't mean to be obnoxious, but maybe it would help if I saw more of you.is being fabulous in Californiais feeling pretty peppy, thanks to my buddy caffeineloves these new, extra-antisocial headphones that create a symphony orchestra inside her brainis not like other humans sometimesis putting all her eggs in one basket, counting her chickens before they are hatched, and pausing to inspect the angle and shape of a gift horse's incisors.aquarium date night? ooh la lasometimes when life sucks, you gotta get yourself a lollipop and suck back.come on, scratch my back. It'll be a funky adventure.loses every time.the real trouble with reality is that there's no background musichaha.. I kick ass at dirty scrabbleis going to try working out drunk.riding my bike in the fall makes me happy.had 3 different dreams of being stalked by big cats last night. what's the symbolic meaning there?today was a highly venomous day... 4 timber rattlers & 3 copperheads.attempting to leave my body for a bit.*PROPNAME* to her brother: why do you have a skull? *PROPNAME*: yeah, I have a skull. It's from upstairs.is headed for Boston to be with her lovers... *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* are happy :Dlikes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passagesAnd you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking. Racing around to come up behind you again. The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older. Shorter of breath and one day closer to death.writing stabilizes me in this dimension :)applying for grad school... sucks balls.loves crazy people. (almost as much as coffee).is about 65% oxygen, 18% carbon, 10% hydrogen, 3% nitrogen, 1.5% calcium, 1% phosphorus, 0.35% potassium, 0.25% sulfur, 0.15% sodium, 0.05% magnesium, and 0.70% copper, zinc, iron, and caffeine.nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basisenjoys teasing barred owls.if FSU were a guinea pig, it would be *PROPNAME*. No offense, *PROPNAME*.is worried that academics have no real meaning in their lives.I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.run *PROPNAME*, run! (the loggers are coming)guess what? fo yo birfday, instead of diamonds or flowers or any kindza real gift, you get my penis!life is like a box of chocolates... too much marshmallow and not enough nuts.I just realized I have the perfect brother... he is just so wonderful in every way, AND he is a musician! How lucky am I? BUT... he doesn't make his moves in Scrabble ;)at long last, resuming my love affair with my favorite sexy serial killer :Dis smoking a cigar to get warm.well.. my old shaver turned that shower scene into an Alfred Hitchcock film...thinks imperfections are lovely.dreams of faraway places basically all the time now...just saw FOUR timber rattlesnakes!! Thanks, *PROPNAME*! :) And I am SO much better at finding them than *PROPNAME*.ahhhhh... restless.can I just observe crows?got to hold a woodcock this weekend! Sweet like bee saliva :)headed to bed with my centipede.he said, "no money. But, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness." So I have that going for me.day of phone dates with trappers & furbearer biologists... ooh baby!it was hot! it was hot.*PROPNAME*: This is a deliberate insult against me and my people. *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME*: Who the fuck are his people? *PROPNAME*: I don't know... little scientists, I guess.come on, somebody tell me how everyone's getting these symbols on Fb. this is just too much. Hey guess what else? 199 pages. Got-to-crank-out-one-more...is designing a lovely tattoo... yes, I realize I have a stack of papers to grade. Coffee break soon.appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak :)the universe is a symphony and the laws of physics are harmonies of a superstring. How beautiful.hmm.. if I were a fly, I'd be dreaming about devil's tongue. Nite, allis about to fall out of her bed, out of her clothes, and into the Niiiiiiiiiight Kitchen.ah, nothing in the world is as beautiful as fresh music.just broke 200 pages :)"Life is miraculous; even when it's disastrous, it's still incredible. I'm fascinated with everything; life is fascinating. I'm fascinated by trees and dogs, but no one wants to hear me talk about it." -*PROPNAME*attempting these writing samples, a.k.a., trying to balance on that fine line between creative nonfiction & academic journal article... tricky business.needs to learn how to be diurnal & studious.when life gives you fall apples, eat them.some painters work with oils, some with acrylics. *PROPNAME* & I work with dumps.likes windows. They are very appealing to wandering minds.where oh where are my headphones... I'm completely lost without them :(I dare you to touch a slug.once there was a way to get back home.my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune... :(hot tamales & Easter peeps & bunnies; *PROPNAME* & I gots significant data! :) I guess monkeys DO kinda like music...accidentally rescued another animal from T&D's...does anyone else feel 'frustration' in their lower spinal cord, or is my physiology whack?RIP little Moon Rabbit.if you give a moose a muffin, you'll end up in a dirty trailer with seven kids and no money.loves coffee more than LOL Catz love cupcakes. And unlike LOL Catz, I'm not inbred//illiterate. I am 68% retarded, however, but that's mostly because I drool.is expecting... but doesn't know the bunny daddy.just experienced orthostatic hypotension. trippy.I used to have a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but I broke it off.Ahhhh!! what is this strange white stuff coming from the sky?!Dad & I just took the kayaks out on the lake in a torrential downpour//thunder & lightning storm (father knows best)... no beavers, but lots of migrating black & velvet scoters :)is a female donkey that drills for a living?top of the mornin to ya.is watching FEARnet with *PROPNAME*. Spook is in the air :)saw several dead rainbows today :(so Season 4 of Dexter started out crrrraaazy!proof that soul-shattering, awe-inspiring things can evolve? Music.is sipping coffee, petting a bunny, listening to music, & dicking around on Fb. How's that for multitasking? I can process chemical, acoustical, tactile, and visual stimuli simultaneously, all while actively avoiding any kind of work AND maintaining homeostasis!shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected ;)I think *PROPNAME* may have attracted a tall chicken & a wolf-girl with her salmon patty trail cam bait.when life gives you shit, grind it up, freeze-dry it, and extract the glucocorticoids.we wanted to say you shouldn't suffer this way. We love you, Tuqqy.growing up is weird.was unexpectedly mesmerized by how beautiful Pennsylvania is today.no thesis project. no hope for the future, other than a miracle.even though yesterday's laborious morning of shoveling would appear to be in vain, I don't have to teach any labs today! Asante sana, rafiki yangu snow :)as soon as I manage to sit down and start being productive, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* have to start being cuter than ever and that bottle of red on the counter has to start being sexier than ever...is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night. seriously. and of course, for her lovely fb friends. :)lend me your ear & I'll sing you a song, but you might not be able to hear it without your ear.is thinking... if I have a little >2 yrs left to live, why am I still in frostburg?always gets the studliest pets.I'm trying, ghandi.when everything is going wrong, it helps to get ridiculous phone calls from one's two whackjob best friends & be entertained by the cutest, smartest, naughtiest bunny in the world.s right hand is really, really cold.wine, chocolate, & guitar = :)is making CDs and making out with *PROPNAME*.I will never get my Master's or get out of Frostburg :(is in less danger of getting a lump of coal for Christmas every year, as we deplete the earth's fossil fuels.might almost like Bridget's cinnamon, cardamom, & black pepper tea more than coffee!Avatar makes me proud to be a biologist."coming up, it's Man Vs. Wild, followed by Frying Human Meat Putting on Spices and Saving it With Maggots at 9:00." Gotta love Bridget.CABIN FEVER.it's really amazing that a meatball can roll under a bush and eventually grow into a meatball tree.I am the fool; the hierophant crosses me.to think we are who we are largely because of the deactivation of Myosin Heavy Chain 16 (MYH16)... fascinating.in a moment, something poked him in an infuriatingly private place.hmm, can't wait to try out this "synthetic fermented egg" lure...hey *PROPNAME*, don't make it bad. Don't eat all the houseplants, chew wires, throw temper tantrums, and break out of your cage. All you need is love, little man.computer's broken :( worrying about how many important files I may lose. in brighter news, walked my rabbit around the neighborhood on a leash today.the dreams are more fun.road trip with my boy, followed by a play date with a crazy half-Japanese girl & two ferrets.The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science. Whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. -Einsteinravenous black holes, ripples in the space-time continuum, intersex bass taking over US rivers, expectations influencing the wine-tasting experience, the possibility of quantum memory devices... just some of my Science Daily. Truth blows fiction out of the water!last night, I learned that my little boy (*PROPNAME*) loves wine as much as I do; hence, I will no longer be able to set my wine glasses on the ground.hmm... has the mystery of the loud neighborhood farting noise been solved?What's up, Cheese Apple? Your warm, cheesy, buttery, and tart deliciouness? That's what I'm talkin about ;)has a naughty bunny.WOW. All I can say is, I was channeling Deb as I watched that traumatic season finale.suspects that this nightly coffee + Dexter combo isn't the best for her heart.a third of a chicken of a bobcat? Hmm.. yes, *PROPNAME*.making love to my lollipop, mantis-style.is imagining her feet buried under the cool, wet sand and being sucked toward the ocean.is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a Starbucks double-shot espressolittle dee is your hero.spies and other mysterious persons could track me down almost anywhere today, but they only have ~1 hour.rediscovered how fun it is to play in 36 inches of snow :)is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics! you know you're jealousfly in vaseline :(mission for the day: find my car under that 8-ft mound of wintry precipitate.note to self: do not attempt to drive 400 miles in a blizzard ever again.to the air mattress, my noisy nighttime lover.s entire day.. maybe even entire life.. is dependent on who wins this dominance interaction between *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*. Go *PROPNAME*!!! If *PROPNAME* throws this one, I will surely be in a sour mood for the rest of the week.
108. Nearly in double digits.157*has to call the helpdesk for my mobi carrier* to do that I have to charge my phone and to do that I need to find an adaptor. *sigh* why is this holiday so complicated. If it's not one thing that's gone missing, it's another. Or not knowing something that168. That's it.Is nearly ready to say flipside to Egypt. Just got a Hard Rock Cafe to go :S PS: Still doesn't like anything alcoholic.*loves the irony* I've been fine for months... Today I feel like Death warmed up... I leave in 13 hours. :Shas access to money again. Unfortunately, it appears to have cost him his typing skills :PKnows two things about travelling if nothing else. (1) Make sure to have atleast two account cards when you leave home. (2) Make sure to have booked everything before you need it so you don't end up getting stuck in one place longer than you wanted. And I think I may know why my card didn't work yesterday... gonna try it out tomorrow if I can.*is in Brunei without a mobile containing international roaming* stupid people who I asked to set it up for me months and months ago... Maybe it's just in the airport though... Hope so.was really stressing about Visas and stuff for his 6 week vacay... But is no longer after speaking to people and doing stuff, he feels that his holiday should go fairly fine.is with rellies... has three days.. is wondering who'll he'll meet next. in UKwhy does the only major change on the German keyboard *have* to be a 'Y' 'Z' swap? I use the letter y so often. it's annoying.waaa! It's like only a week until I'm home now... Which means work... Anyone wanna buy my love? :P Nah... you probably couldn't afford me anyway.60.5... Cogito ergo es.I wonder if my parents will be able to book my flight before I need to get on it.Athens (Athina) is pretty cool. Even though I've not yet strayed more than 500m from my hotel :P Here til Friday then Germany gets to see me :SAswan, Egypt. Nuff said.is wondering why he seems to manage to lose everything that he needs to keep a hold of?is nearing the end of his time in Egypt. Watch out Europe because here I come.Do you know that 10 minutes equals 72 hours?Who's up for racing around Perth with me?came Fourth in the Race Around Perth today. is super happy about that.Forgot about the Berlin Atheltics occuring this week :S Still. I have a room and it finished with the marathon today so it won't be a problem any more.I should just dry my hair and get the torture over with already. :Pmy jacket it falling to pieces. But other than that, I'm on track to finish my outfit in time for the con. :PI knew I shoulda scrapped my cosplay hours ago and claimed the sleep. my mum just laughed at me. Gyah!!!!!If my maths is correct, I should have a touch over $3500 to -SPEND- in Japan. That's after airfares, accom, JR pass and possibly some//most activities... but before buying my ticket to the Studio Ghibli Museum. Whooot!is serverely disappointed about what he just learnt.
just finished drill...8 people fell outneed to do calcgrilling with the battalionworking on calculusmilitary science IIIhad to move to deltaThere is no squabbling so violent as that between people who accepted an idea yesterday and those who will accept the same idea tomorrow.back to classbattalion level smoke session at 2130Calc, History, comp, then chemheight and weight test under bravochem and then im done with classes for the dayi hate wednesdaysAdversity causes some men to break, others to break records............ ..back from the gymms III classphone sucksi apologize for my last status no real smoke session took place...im not sure what it wasnoDream as if you have forever. Live as if you only have todaygoing to the gymThink what a better world it would be if we all, the whole world, had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap...Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trailparade practice...worst time of the dayHe who strikes first, strikes twice.It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaperanybody who wants to do stx lanes tonight report to delta barracks by 745...full battle rattle..this includes rucksack,lbv with compass and water, dummy rifle, and redlines flashlight..have assault pack in rucksack bring kevlar and pcgoing to the gym...hit me up laterSome people walk in the rain, others just get wetAnyone who can be replaced by a machine deserves to bemay have overworked my abs today...feel tornThe undertaking of a new action brings new strengthgoing for a long run hit me up laterMost people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a secondI like running because it's a challenge. If you run hard, there's the pain - and you've got to work your way through the pain. You know, lately it seems all you hear is? Don't overdo it' and? Don't push yourself.' Well, I think that's a lot of bull shit. If you push the human body, it will respondThe person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate itif you want to be a leader try and act like oneThere is genius in persistence. It conquers all opposers. It gives confidence. It annihilates obstacles. Everybody believes in a determined man. People know that when he undertakes a thing, the battle is half won, for his rule is to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I?And if not now, when?lunch then going to work out....Any workout which does not involve a certain amount of danger or responsibility does not improve the body - it just wears it outThe first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they areYou don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.If I had to select one quality, one personal characteristic that I regard as being most highly correlated with success, whatever the field, I would pick the trait of persistence. Determination. The will to endure to the end, to get knocked down seventy times and get up off the floor saying, ''Here comes number seventy-one!.if we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begingetting smoked tonightI'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.Your toughness is made up of equal parts persistence and experience. You don't so much outrun your opponents as outlast and outsmart them, and the toughest opponent of all is the one inside your headgoing on a runmonday..enough saidJealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and nobleThe average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they arephones deadrunning the course, then to the weight roomPersonally, I don't think there's intelligent life on other planets. Why should other planets be any different from this one?Since the house is on fire let us warm ourselvesgoing to the qmmsc III class..good day...goodnightgot my battle rattle readyEducation is a progressive discovery of our own ignoranceCommon sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdomExecutive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.Why did I want to win? because I didn't want to lose!despise the fact i have already been up for almost 3 hoursNothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotentThe will to win means nothing without the will to prepareExcellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredomIf life gives you lemons - make grapejuice. Then sit back and let people wonder how you did it.Since light travels faster than sound, people appear bright until you hear them speakIf you can't convince them, confuse themfirst free weekendThe power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have itFar better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.Here's to you and here's to me, and I hope we never disagree. But, if that should ever be, to HELL with you, here's to MEJust because everything's different doesn't mean anything's changedAs it is the characteristic of great wits to say much in few words, so small wits seem to have the gift of speaking much and saying nothing.It doesn't work to leap a twenty-foot canyon in two ten-foot jumpsCommon sense is instinct. Enough of it is geniusfinished ruck runI've always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my bestSometimes it is entirely appropriate to kill a fly with a sledge hammerchem testDreams permit each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our livesI'm not the greatest; I'm the double greatest. Not only do I knock 'em out, I pick the round.If one can stick to the training throughout the many long years, then will power is no longer a problem. It's raining? That doesn't matter. I am tired? That's besides the point. It's simply that I just have toIt seems rather incongruous that in a society of supersophisticated communication, we often suffer from a shortage of listenersIf the path less traveled were the easy path, then all would take it, thus making greatness simply averagePeople demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoidNo matter where you go, there you areThere is no point at which you can say, Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a napjust got back from rugby and the weight room, going to eat....hit me up laterIf you're in a fair fight, you didn't plan it properlyYour problem is that you think you have timeLight thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaperperseverance is more than endurance. it is endurance combined with absolute assurance and certainty that what we are looking for is going to happenBefore you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoesIt is the characteristic excellence of the strong man that he can bring momentous issues to the fore and make a decision about them. The weak are always forced to decide between alternatives they have not chosen themselves.I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect itMotivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very brieflySurprise MeSuccess is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?Believing requires actionBetween two evils i always pick the one ive never tried beforeThose who are more adapted to the active life can prepare themselves for contemplation in the practice of the active life, while those who are more adapted to the contemplative life can take upon themselves the works of the active life so as to become yet more apt for contemplationWhere am I?Thinking is more interesting than knowing, but less interesting than lookingMan imposes his own limitations, don't set anyWe run, not because we think it is doing us good, but because we enjoy it and cannot help ourselves...The more restricted our society and work become, the more necessary it will be to find some outlet for this craving for freedom. No one can say, 'You must not run faster than this, or hump higher than that.' The human spirit is indomitableWhat I must do is all that concerns me. This rule, equally arduous in actual and intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness. It is harder because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it.Restlessness is dicontent, and discontent is the first neccesity of progressI cannot have survival as my only goal. That would be too boring.http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=K78zNtO_EFQ&feature=PlayList&p=17708ED0C8CF48C1&index=19the slower we move the faster we dieOne reason we resist making deliberate choices is that choice equals change and most of us, feeling the world is unpredictable enough, try to minimise the trauma of change in our personal lives.There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it.Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I don't think about them, I just do them. The decision has already been madeLeadership is no more confined to process, than writing is to formatStaying up late reading an analysis of caesars civil war a man who lived by the quote audacity, more audacity, always audacity, his amazing success in life, war, and politics is yet another hwever old testament that fortune trully does favor the audacious a saying that seems to hold more truth with every experience i haveEveryone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little thingsnot gonna sleep good tonightNo bees, no honey; no work, no money.that was funI hate the expression "What makes him tick." It is the American mind, looking for simple and singular solution, that uses the foolish expression. A person not only ticks, he also chimes and strikes the hour, falls and breaks and has to be put together again, and sometimes stops like an electric clock in a thunderstormgoing to work out..then mapping and setting up stx lanes for tonight hit me up if you want inFight one more round. When your arms are so tired that you can hardly lift your hands to come on guard, fight one more round. When your nose is bleeding and your eyes are black and you are so tired that you wish your opponent would crack you one on the jaw and put you to sleep, fight one more round – remembering that the man who always fights one more round is never beatenEarlier tonight, I found a picture of Waldo in jail. I didn't think much of it until I realized he was probably a wanted fugitive and that's why he is always hidingWhat is opportunity to the man who can't use it?Dont you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answersRead, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, everyday, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be crazy enough to do.SomedayThere is no better time than now. The time to live is now. The time to dream is now. The time to imagine and forget the past is now. The time to shine is now. The time to bleed, sweat, and determine yourself for the things you want most is now.All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.All change is not growth; as all movement is not forward.stx on friday hit me up if you want in....The greatest potential for control tends to exist at the point where action takes place.Dream Great...Achieve GreatnessOur business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves -- to break our own records, to outstrip our yesterday by our today.When you aim for perfection, you discover it's a moving target.Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry under your name as a comment.My alarm clock & I had a fight. It wanted me to get up, I refused. Things escalated. Now I'm awake & it’s broken. Not sure who won the fighttry to learn something about everything and everything about somethingthink..see. ..act...A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enoughDon't always think in a straight lineWe do not rise to the level of our expectations. We fall to the level of our training
Is flying back friday night in time to move the rest of his stuff then go to work the next morning... great.is stealing his net by the lakeAmes tommorow back in time for the gameback in IC after a 16 hour drive, i think it's time to go to sleep.just made it to the hotelOwns a duplex.four long islands in 30 nmin = happyis drunk and has be be at work in 6 hours g 'nightGetting ready to head to jakes for punch card night!stairs are painfullA fox trot above my head. a sockhop beneath my bed, a disco ball is just hanging by a thread.work is gunna be real bad in the morning. the hanover isnt going to fade for awile i thinkTime to go shopping for presents, still dont know what to get.headed dt, cant wait to work in the morning.Apparently i had a good time lastnight...Oh yes ladies, it's a snuggie.New Year, New mistakes.has to go buy tinkerbell lip gloss.Pineapple? not tonight.*PROPNAME*'s Your Uncle is my Cheers.Pineapple
the first day of institute...loves PHOENIX:)its not the end of the week, but its the last day.. ITS THURSDAY... so I'm gonna get my drink on:)Happy 4th of July. Thanks TJ for writing a super cool declaration of Independence.lesson planinglast day of institutestudying... is for babiesFirst day done:) yippee!is teaching first gradeis soaking up that phoenix sun!is putting my life togetherooh the mysterious 10 at 10 approaches.is celebrating the birth of *PROPNAME*!making banana pancakes:)yay Friday!HAPPY BIRTHDAY *PROPNAME*)where are my keys:(Going home FRRRRIIIDAY! Wooo Whoo!9 days in my two favorite states starts TOMORROW:)out and about:)Viva Las Vegas:)missing chapel hillis back in Phoenix!I found one of my students in the janitor's closet this morning.yay halloween!goooo tarheels:)love actually makes me want christmas.flagstaff for the weekend:)Grand Canyon, here I come!once again, watching glee instead of doing my homeworkUNC basketball>TFA fashion show. GO HEELS!is in charlotte with my favorites:)weddings and what notGOOOO TARHEELS!first 5 down, 175 more to go...looks like I am going to be just as unproductive in 2010 as I was in 2009gone to charlotte for new years!GO HEELS!just another lovely sun filled day in phoenix:)can't wait to see alissa joy goetz tonight:)why can't I be at Top o right now? Go Saints:)
ran 19 miles today. Shower, a big glass of water, and then cleaning up the house.is elated!caught fireflies in a jar, am going to soak my feet in some piping hot water, and is just relaxing to Chopin and a good book.back to my modified Russian tuning. It sounds so much more full.Why is it that everyone else's musical tastes go forward and mine seem to switchback?$500.00 for stitches?!is extremely bored. Late night run to North and back.
I've lived in this place and I know all the faces Each one is different but they're always the same They mean me no harm but it's time that I face it They'll never allow me to change'To see you when I wake up Is a gift I didn't think could be realHad an incredible night...from now on if ur looking for me on a tuesday night I will be at the derbs : )There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing'Definately maybe : )wants to curl up and watch movies all night : )wondering if I've got the strength to get through this one : //Help me remember --*PROPNAME*GOT A JOB!!!! yesssssss : ) : ) : )crawling into bed and sleeping for 500000000000 years..... <3 vegas: )Cos all of the stars are fading away Just try not to worry youll see them some dayThinking a downtown sb visit for halloween might be very necessary : )Ata motseh chen b'aynaiIt's our god forsaken right to be loved <3 <3 <3 <3'dCooking up a storm <3On a mission to go back home for the world cup!!! Anyone know how to not make it a mission? haha... South Africa here we come <3 <3bit my nails through that whole game... a wins a win though : )True life: two young people believe that love can only be achieved with multiple partners...huhMy pin: 24797c05No work tomorrow! finally...time for a great night and a morning of sleeping in : )My pin: 24797c05My intention is to go to your damn school...why do I need to write a whole essay telling you that!!!Thank you so much for all the bday love, I'm a lucky girl : ) come to the DERBY tonight to celebrate!!! call or text if you have questions <3 <3Poor chargersTo see you when I wake up is a gift I didn't think could be real'Wow I'm a very happy camper : ) I think an SB visit is in order NOW..katie no comments hahah <3 <3This is NOT funny. tornados do not exist in orange county, they just dont.Only made it back to olympic from school...i like : )Not going to work today...i have a laker game to watch, very important. priorities, priorities.Define me urban dictionary "The Most wonderful person in the World. Kind, Sweet, Loving, Caring, Gentle. Perfect in Every way. The one you love for all your life. Crazy hot girl. Beautiful, smart & funny; *PROPNAME* posesses atributes absent in 99.9% of women. Truly a lucky find. Plus she rocks. The most wonderful drug in the world, better know as lortab. taking the pill may cause a sense of euphoria, & well being." hahaha"Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel"3 more days until santa barbara!! Its gonna be a phenomenal weeekend : )Just learned about how succe$$ful I will be, very shortly : ) dont be jealous, you get what you giveBeautiful ceremony for a beautiful person. You will be missed and loved forever but never forgotten. Rest peacefully <3
is lonely.is studying to take the NCLEX. Why does everyone hate on wanting to do nothing with your life? Lol. Apparently that just isn't an option.
says Thank You So Much to everyone who helped to make The Graduation a Huge Success!Noticed that the FDIC closed SEVEN banks today. Usually it is zero, one, two, or three. Last week it was five. That was a little bit disturbing. But seven? Query: will it always be a prime number?also watches the chickens (6) after work.is irritated that, the day after he got his new modem, the blogging service went down for an upgrade.is back online, after four days with no modem.got twenty pounds of freshly-roasted chile today. Now my Subaru will have a delightfully spicy aroma for a week or two.notes: "Honey mesquite pods were a primary food of the residents of the SW North American deserts (Felger 1977). Pods are quite sweet and whole pod composition is 80% carbohydrate, 13% protein, 25% fiber, and 3% fat (Zolfaghari et al. 1982). The pods are No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.tried transplanting palo verde trees today. We'll see how they do. If I can get one to grow by the arroyo, then everyone downstream will have them too. Eventually."If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves." --J *PROPNAME*, former President of the AFL-CIOdid not expect to see snow, whilst planting daffodil bulbs.Angel food cake with NO FROSTING. Instead: brandied cherry-chocolate sauce!4 inches of rain in the last 36 hours, with more to come. (Normal is 8 inches per year.) Plus there is snow on the mountains.If you seek a pleasant peninsula...I won't post any downer economic collapse articles this weekend; only growing things.When I was younger I would record my favorite songs onto a piece of papyrus.Has extra tickets for the University of Chicago graduation. ... Can you believe it? Stand in the rain for 45 minutes, then nobody even bothers to take your tickets when you get to the event.*PROPNAME* got here last night. The t-shirts and cherries came this morning. Thank you, everyone.No snow yet down south, but it is raining. Snow is expected, but only a trace.Trees arrived. Weekend "chore:" plant Wonderful Pomegranate Tree, All-In-One Almond Tree, Pawnee Pecan Tree, and Stuart Pecan Tree.Hard drive problem? Made funny noises twice and failed to boot. Finally booted (obviously). I am going to install a new one now. Don't expect updates for a few minutes (hah!). Of course the last time this happened, I installed a new drive, used the old one for backup, and the old continued working for years. So this could all be a waste of time and money.About the clutter. *PROPNAME* and I are playing Farmville. This generates messages on Facebook, messages that are of no interest to anyone not playing. To stop seeing this clutter, follow these steps: point your mouse at one of the offending items. The word "hide appears in the upper right. Click the word "hide". Additional options appear. Click "Hide Farmville." You still we see any of our other items.put his hat on, and spent much of the afternoon collecting mesquite and yucca seeds, then buying them all over the place. Few will ever sprout. But some will.Lunch: salad, with tuna and DRIED MICHIGAN CHERRIES. Thanks, Mom.is sad to see *PROPNAME* go, but very happy he was able to be here.*PROPNAME* and I planted four trees on Monday, and today we got an inch of rain. There are two pecan trees (to pollinize each other), an all-in-one almond (two varieties grafted, so no additional pollinizer needed), and a pomegranate (self-pollinizing). Life is easy, sometimes.My cat is looking for the door into summer.is glad that his car is not infested with Madagascar Hissing Cockroaches.Note in my homeowner's insurance policy: "Discharge of a nuclear weapon shall be deemed a warlike act, even if accidental." You can be sure that I will call and complain immediately if our house is destroyed by a nuclear weapon.Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized. --Mike Ditka No thanks. --jcyHas anyone figured out how to filter the Facebook feeds, using the new Facebook page? I will be annoyed if this functionality has been lost.0.7 inches of rain!!!100% of people will not copy and paste this.Thanks everyone for all the help. At this point, Ijust need 1 harmess, 2 horseshoes, 2 nails, and 2 boards; no bricks. I can give gifts of harnesses and horseshoes, as of this moment.If you find yourself wondering about things such as "how long of a time period is 17% of eight hours?" and it makes your brain hurt to figure it out in your head, you can go to Google and type in "17% of eight hours" and it will tell you.I have not blocked anyone. Disregard any notice to the contrary.
Is wondering if my work out is actually working?I'm kicking ass in Vegas =]
Just updated my profile...Much has changed since college!Scouty is going to the Doctor...Holiday is over....crap....So apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible...enter new and stupidly expensive computer program!Happy Brithday *PROPNAME*!! Have a stadium dog for me!Back in the ATL, but still just as foggy...luckly work is falling into place without me even doing anything...Getting ready for my suprize trip to MI...I wish it was under better circumstanceswow, nothing like losing to a MAC team to make me cry...I would like to thank pete for ruining the game for me as well...jurk...I would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network I ordered, thanks for ruinung my game day comcast...At home, trying to remember who I am related to and witch kids belong to witch cousin....and craving polish food. In another devolopment, I thought I would be able to escape country music in the north, but in reality it is worse...Even though my own sister is a blood traider....GO GREEN!! GO ND!!!I have a slash in my convertable top. 2 days before I leave for my beach vacation. Someone is a serious asshole.Breaking News: At the Atlanta Zoo, an old guy with a long white beard was caught try to lure 2 of each animal out of the exhibits. It is also reported that he arrived in a large wooden boat...I am glad to say that my parents arrived in Michigan safely...even if thier bags are lost...What do *PROPNAME* and the Miami Dolphins have in common? They make 70,000 people stand up and yell "Jesus Christ"...What is this world coming to when a complete ahole douchebag like *PROPNAME* is making an apolgy tour, but still as not called the girl to personally say I am sorry? This is the role models for kids? In a realted note, we will be out of the recession when the Americans who want to work can, not one moment before...I am feeling feisty today...One of my prospective students just asked me out...is it 3 yet? This week has been crazy...*PROPNAME* is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo, when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when I grabbed it to toss it out. She is such a frady pup!The guy next to me getting a mani//pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with...kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to Ace of Base, Madonna, and Cher. It was so hard not to laugh!! So Atlanta!I did not realize that *PROPNAME* (the guy from "to catch a predator") went to MSU, that is actually pretty cool. He is a bad ass in a turtleneck!Almost the weekend...only a few more short hours...I think we can make it.What in God's name happened to cnn.com?I fell on the way to my car this morning...I hope that is not the predictor of a bad day!dang...is this what people feel like when the wings take it all?? Personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile, but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans...*PROPNAME* cant wait to dress up and go trick or treating!I think quite possibly that MSU is one of the only teams in the Big Ten where the other team can have that many penalties and we still lose...the pizza pizza bowl is a GOAL now...and hockey is sucking a big one...when does basketball start?Hey Atlanta: you may see my work on the evening news...Some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot, that we share with the probation office...I have heard rumors he shot himself...If you push print once....you only get one copy, so dont look at me like a moron when I bring you the 6 other copys from the 6 other times you pressed print...I think that *PROPNAME* was embarassed that we were blasting the Glee soundtrack while crusing around with the top down...I can't imagine whyMy mom and I were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night, now I am a little home sick. I love this time of year in Michigan!I think I am going to start a Book Club with my girlfriends...any of you peaches intersted. In my mind it will be a good excuse to sit around and drink wine and maybe talk about the book for a few minutes...I just keep reminding myself...one week until my vacation, one week until my vacation....NO NO NO *PROPNAME* cannot have a crush on Shoe...How did a hobbit get on Flash Forward? That show is so crazy...I cannot believe that I am celibrating going to the Pizza Pizza Bowl...As much as I love Twlight (Team Taylor!), it is just me, or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow! I guess taking kids period, with the attacks and sexual stuff....My mouth always gets me in trouble...Hopefully this week will not kick my butt...I don't think I can take it againWow...I should have watched more baseball this year...the twins are playing really well...crap...So Glee was not so bad...here is the question, is the diva going to tell the ladies and that is how *PROPNAME* is going to find out that *PROPNAME* is the fatherRest in Peace Uga the Bulldog, the world of college mascots morns you todayMaybe it was a seisure? She seems ok today, no weird movements, eating and drinking, and her cagemate is acting normal...I read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick...Since when did you become the center of the universe?I am dreading glee this week...Under the cover of shameful darkness, my now former sister became a fan of Michigan football. Because you did not go there, or any of our family for that matter...that makes you, my former sibling, a WALMART WOLVERINE...yes I went there! We will see where your loyalties lie when you need a kidney or a piece of my liver...GO NITTANY LIONS!!This rain has gotten me down today, that and the fact that my flat iron died...bad hair and I am cranky...At least I can look forward to Glee tonight!Well, I didnt see that coming...Putting together my coverletter and resume...I think I can I think I can I think I canWhat doesnt kill me will make me stronger...Day looking up, I will be able to exchange the defective flat iron! I realized that New Moon comes out when I will be home for Thanksgiving, any body want to go see it with me? Still looking forward to Glee...I feel a little dirty thinking that *PROPNAME* is hotWhen doing your Christmas cards, take one or more and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o *PROPNAME* Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL)Is metal block the begining of a mini breakdown? I feel something coming on...Everything is starting to back up on me...now I kinda wish it was snowing...just for over night, then after I am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish!I hate to say this, but *PROPNAME* Tonight is actually pretty good...having a hard time chosing between that and *PROPNAME* Lately...So, my tickets for Saturday's Spartan wallop of the *PROPNAME* are in the mail, I should have them tomorrow...Does anyone want to go see U2?Let go Spartans LETS GO!Time Mag named this decade the worst since WWII. My only thought is, has there really been enough decades since WWII to be able to clearly desern that this one is the worst? Granted these last ten years have really kinda sucked as far national tragity...but is there a need to call it the worst since WWII?Today did suck...*PROPNAME* came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper....I am going to be using prison tp until at least Easter!Wow I am really in a funk...I had no idea *PROPNAME* was fired! I knew it was most likely going to be his last season, but I hardly ever miss stuff like thatWhy are people from NeW Jersey so proud of being from New Jersey?I was just watching "*PROPNAME* in Real Life" while I was working on my Christmas cards, and I just realized...*PROPNAME* (*PROPNAME*) is the cop that pulls *PROPNAME* over and has his cruiser backed into. HE IS WAY BETTER LOOKING WITHOUT THAT HAIR!So, I got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like I got punched in the face...everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party...Does this have to happen tonight...I have my fight clubI am in a funk today...I dont know if it is depression, maybe a lack of motivation because of depression. This process is not for the impatient.Thank God for facebook or everyone would have names misspelled on thier cards...My thanksgiving utopia lasted a whole hour...new record.It was good to get out of the house for a little while, and even better to see my girls!Apple casserole and Herb Pork Loin smells so good!!As of today, Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets. To turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals. Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets. Copy this to your status to warn your friends!Today I am thankful that I am able to be in Michigan with my family. I am also thankful for my families in Michigan and in Atlanta. I am most thankful for everyone I love being healthy today.So much to do before tomorrow...I am actually a little overwhelmed!Errands...I am not ready to get back to real life...Watered plants, cleaned gerbil cage, did laundry, washed the dishes. Starting on packing then off to pick up my shoes from the cobbler!First day of Winter is not so bad in Atlanta...Dear Baby Jesus: Please compell my boyfriend to get off his ass and pack...we are leaving tomorrow at 5 am to go home and celibrate your birth...and i really dont want to have to kill him because then I will have to drive the Mustang in the snow and rosie is in mint condition and the salt will discolor my top. Thanks so much..."Over the river and to the woods to Boosha's house we go!"Baking pumpkin bread and pumkin pies and making stuffing!!So...I never got the facination with farmville until I built my zoo...totally addicted! If you have zooworld let me know I will send you a giftSo the guito from Jersey Shore that calls him self "The Situtation" is trying to trademerk it now...What is going on with this bowl game? I thought that MSU losing 20% of thier players was bad...now texas tech coach scandle? If you were going to toss a kid in the closet...would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight?? Bad call dude!SNOWING! All of atlanta grinds to a halt for a snow flurry....SO glad I am at home! Careful driving with the crazies out there people!Oye, so tired...Sometimes I wish that we could spend more time enjoying and less time preparing this time of yearI am so so excited...Going to the big game...heading home...going to see my dog...I cant sleep!Maybe going home grounded me...I feel so much better now!feeling much better today! So if the head coach of Texas Tech was fired, is this even going to be a fair game? Maybe considering many of our players were stupid...feels like Death warmed over...Snow predicted when I go home!! I cant wait!Getting ready to come home for Christmas!Well, this year has to be better then the last...Dropping off some resumes today...I am feeling good mojo!Well, I think he has the flu, but it is basically impossible to tell if he has the swine fluGood Job ballers...its all up to the football team now! GO GREEN, GO WHITE, GO STATE!Oh no *PROPNAME* is really sick, I even made him chicken soup yesterday, and he still is running a fever!Well, Big Ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far, the buck and the kittens gave great show...Hopefully MSU will follow suit!*PROPNAME* is flying into Chicago tonight...I will miss that guy!Now *PROPNAME* is sick...and realizes what a jerk he was when I was sickAnd the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? It came without ribbons. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled and puzzled ’till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn’t before. What if Christmas, he thought, doesn’t come from a store. What if Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.Had a great game night with the family...we should do that more often when I am home...next time with drinks!Going to have my emmissions tested, want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it! Also running other errands...So now what am I suppost to do on Wensday nights? Damn it Fox...no Glee until April?Keep your fingers crossed that *PROPNAME* kept his germs to himself...Three Flakes and schools are closed tomorrow? WEAKApperantly the roads are bad in Atlanta...be careful out there guys!Why is *PROPNAME*'s new hair news?Snow advisory for Atlanta today and tomorrow...Good thing I have bead, milk and meat in the house!In the murder mitten...it is cold! Also HAPPY 11th BIRTHDAY MAX! no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppyI am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday...I havent had a good one since college...maybe i will just stop trying to make it specialHeading back to Atlanta...DANG IT!! If you are in Atlanta and need somehere to go for NYE, come to my house, I have food and drink, almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids!HOW DID WE MEET???? Everyone play this game! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends! Before you do that answer for me. Thank you and I can't wait to hear from you!!!!!Just another day...Woo Hoo Friday!Nothing like a Basketball win to lift the spirits...Ted Nugent is a touch scary, may be an intersting choice for Michigan politics...What makes *PROPNAME* so special!! He is a QUITTER! Watch out *PROPNAME*...The devistation in Haiti is heartbreaking, I cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water, and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate...I really hope there is not violence when resources are exahustedDang it ND!!!I am hoping this is allergies and not a cold..I think one of my gerbils had a stroke...Poor little guy! After I put the food and water next to her she perked up a little, but she still is moving weird and falling over...A Big Green and White Double Header!! First the ballers will start out by beating up on Northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad Wolverines yesterday....then on to watch the MSU Football team wallop Texas Tech!! Its a great day to BLEED GREEN!! GO SPARTANS!!!Why do three people that do not know eachother have "pants on the ground" in their updates? Am I missing something?found my Tag paperwork in the man den...Hopefully I get my tags by 2.1 if I apply now online...I love my mom! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today... please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page!Well, that wasnt so bad, now I have to wait and see...ELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Press 1 for English. Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English. And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, JESUS CHRIST. And the AMERICAN SOLIDER. One died for your soul, the other for your freedom. If you agree... copy and paste in your statusThank-you everyone for your bithday wishes, they made me feel truely specialhas anyone else realized that *PROPNAME* looks like "The Situation"? I am so glad that trashy show is almost overtaking a much needed mental health day!I just received an AARP card in the mail...not sure what to thinkWatching basketball is giving me heartburn...Lets go STATE!! 8-0 BABY!So, I tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today, and I cannot find the paper work...I know I have it here somewhere!black*PROPNAME* is going to deal with a ticket...I dont know where his checks are if I need to bail him out!Has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the Miami Dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus?So Variety is reporting that the cast of Jersey Shore is coming back for a second season, making $10,000 per episode. I guess they were making a few hundred per episode before. That is alot of tanning, hair products, and tiny tops!I really really hope people dont start using "post-it" as a reason for loyality. Greys is getting stupid...I reunited a cat with her owner today...Feels nice but I am not sure how to tell denny there was a cat in the condo....Dishwasher repair guy coming tomorrow am, hopefully phone that works being delivered tomorrow as well. Big day ahead!*PROPNAME* noms as predicted...*PROPNAME* saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino...I am on team rodent!It makes me sad to see *PROPNAME* all iced over...My phone stopped working, I can call out, but the person I call cannot hear me!The "Full House" home is on the market for 4 mil. I wonder if being fetured in the show increased its valueGetting ready to watch the gamemy facebook looks the same...am I missing something?*PROPNAME* mixed week old coucous with new coucous, and he cannot understand why I will not eat it...Thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner, and I sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar...Hell Ya for a 20 minute commute!Little Chilly!Well here goes nothing, getting ready for my first day!Same old Spartans...Big Game tonight..perfect big ten record on the line...GO GREEN!Damn it, I am old...sitting here in my snuggie watching a telathon...here we go again...luckly I work at a school that may close for the chance of snowPoor little Wolverines...at this rate the NIT is a goal!! Look at your sad little glum faces...It's DOPPELGANGER Week. Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble (actor, singer, athlete, etc)...I have been told by multiple people that I look like *PROPNAME*. I guess it could be worseSo my dome light will not go out when I am driving, I actually reasched the problem myself and sent *PROPNAME* out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40...I cannot believe I was on a forum looking up car stuff...Well, if I dont root for the Colts I am pretty sure that *PROPNAME* will never talk to me again, and we need him at trivia for Sports questions, so GO COLTS!:(Gas Station doughnut does not equal paczki, I almot cried a litleHappy St Valentines Day!
Anyone want to sing at the Bakery on Thursday night? Free food and tips...!Congratulations *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!!!!eeeeeehhhhhhhhh, ppppppuuuuuuuuttttttoooooooo! 1-0 MexicoMexico City!yeah Obama, let's fix this thing!had an awesome night with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* in Mexico City! Two bottles of mezcal later...*PROPNAME* rocks.*PROPNAME* was just in the shop! And got strudel for the entire Mayor's office!Congratulations *PROPNAME*!!! Newest Federal Attorney for the Department of Justice!My old email was hacked. Please disregard a weird email if you got it. Sorry!It's official, we're #1! Best Dessert in LA! Thank you everyone for voting!workin' on my sailboat today!
is attic apartment and tornado don't mix...the question is where to take cover?is wondering why it's not sunny.Grand slam D *PROPNAME*!!!!has successfully completed scuba dives 1 and 2!canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail...not a good idea.Is packed and ready to go to San Francisco//Napa Valley!is let the San Francisco adventure begin!No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day. Nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of... "insuring" oneself is more than their cost of living.Go Hawkeyes!Is now a certified scuba diver!Go HAWKS!!! Survived the cold and pulled out a win!is boycotting the 30% chance of rain//snow on Saturday.is headed to India over winter break!Oh tetanus shot, why must you hurt so much?!will be tailgating at the Iowa game...no rain please!Go Hawks! Ranked 9th!Hawkeyes you almost killed me tonight! Thank god we won!2 classes down...one essay to go. Almost done for the semester!is wishing I didn't have to proctor an exam at 7:30 am on Monday...I hate mornings.Harry Potter was excellent!is done with her fifth semester of graduate school!just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided. I think their references are a little outdated.is happy to have a new, working laptop.The only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from Chennai to Madurai...we didn't die...despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver. Surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs, pedestrians, bicycles, motos, cars or trucks...very surprising.Wonders why the president is wearing a White Sox coat?I was attacked by a monkey today on the way to Kodaikanal. Luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since I hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun.Go Iowa!was handed a random baby at the Temple today for a photo opt...Happy Pongal.is starting the long process of heading home.is glad the Hawks won even if I was out in rural India and couldn't watch the game.purchased my first sari and is wearing it to the New Year's party tonight.Dear Iowa Winter, you win.Laissez le bon temps rouler!
Michael Jackson is dead! What is the world coming too!is wondering if she is a bad mom since her kids are still up watching TV?"This may be a dumb question to some, but is Jesus our Heavenly Brother or Heavenly Father?"*PROPNAME* is a fool!is up ready for another day...I really hate going to school!Woo Hoo...Im Twenty-Two!!! (Lame I know, but its my BDay)wants to thank you all for your birthday wishes. Now it's time to make my rounds and eat some good cooking!stayed at Incredible Pizza for 5 1//2 hrs yesterday and I'm about to do it all over again today (its so great having kids)...Happy Birthday *PROPNAME*!is wishing *PROPNAME* a Happy 2nd Birthday. I love you!is wishing a Happy Birthday to my bestie *PROPNAME*! "I love you honey, and I hope you have a wonderful 22nd Birthday!"Look back and thank God. Look forward and trust God. Look around and serve God. Look within and find God. God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close. If you need God to open some doors for you, pray and repost...
wonders if people read his profile.is transferring again.chicka chicka slim shadygold *PROPNAME*, gold!thinks "juice" is the funniest word.probably won't be at UConn this fall. still not sure what i AM doing though.is going to Post this year."Paradise by the Dashboard Light" by Meat Loaf is my new favorite song. :-)is so content with everything right now. music is so beautiful. The 90s is probably my favorite era. really wanna be back in school. what's that, I'm random? random is my chinese neighbor's middle name. except it's my middle name and I don't really have ais killin time. DIE TIME!something is missing.whoa whoa whoa when i meant 8 pages in 2 hours...i meant READING!8 pages in 2 hours...not bad. well, really bad actually! extremely bad what the hell am I saying "not bad" hahahaaaaaaaaaablah!hasn't eaten in like 4 hours! enjoying my salami sub now...man it feels good to be on top of my school shit.is chillin chillin like a villain straight up out the ghetto mo fo... ...had to re-bust out that line at some point.pickles and onions!is bein a gangsta as usual.weird virus-type thingy just happened with facebook. closed facebook and a window popped up, "about:blank" in the address bar, with practically infinite tabs all with facebook...the computer was freezing up too badly to see what they all were.misses being Danimal.loves his poster of a chimp with a sunflower in his mouth. just thought i'd put that out there."I let the melody shine, let it cleanse my mind, I feel free now!"it's my birthday wahooooooooothere's no Hartford, CT network anymore?s gotta get a damn camera!loves how you can rent movies on itunes and watch them on your ipod. who woulda thought? freakin crazy. just watched The Girl Next Door...such a good movie.cannot do a SINGLE Magic Eye thingy! it's soooooooooooo frustrating...buy my car! http:////hartford.craigslist.org//cto//1471852203.htmlwonders if you can block invites from one person. anyone know?is so hungry he can eat a horse. original i know. i can't think of original shit on an empty stomach!has to put off the procrastinating till later...it's time to get shit DONE. but then again, it won't be procrastinating once the shit is done...it'll just be straight chillin. can't wait!needs more light in this place.what to do what to doooohas mad work to do. and my birthday is tomorrow, how bout that!is lovin "verse chorus verse" (Nirvana of course)is ridiculously bored.salami is like a drug. i've been an addict for yearshas been paying more attention lately to what he doesn't like than what he already likes, then deciding to either like it or understand why some people would like it. it's mind-expanding, literally!is hungry as alwaysrunnin at the park, finishing my room, laundry.........maybe walmart later. walmart has such good deals it's ridiculous.really gotta go skiing. soon. i just GOTTA!chillin manggggggggg. ya know what would be good right now? a mango. that's not code for anything...i mean a MANGO straight up no joke fo sheezyperfectly clear sky tonight, the stars are lookin beautiful...merry christmas everyone!has a love//hate relationship with snow. notice love is in the numerator! haaaaa i'm so stupid!cause all I really want's to be with you, feelin like I matter too. if I hadn't blown the whole thing years ago, I might be here with youwants to do something so damnit that's what i'll do!.............busy doing something now.................iss ok iss okloves loves loves the gin blossoms!sleeeeeeeeeeeeeepcountdown to florida...ONE DAYcountdown to florida: TWO DAYSRIP *PROPNAME* you were the bad-ass-est dirty dancer in Dirty Dancing...GOT A FOUR POINT OH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AFTER A ZERO POINT ZERO LAST SEMESTER WOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is THRILLED with the new *PROPNAME* album, over the moon reallywill be in NYC Friday - Tues, hit me up to hang!wonders if anyone in the LA area has a classroom of children that would enjoy some entertainment, story book reading and children's comedy. With someone who needs credits for this, let me know if you know!wonders if indeed *PROPNAME* has "Gone Rogue" that means it's hunting season? Figurative sense, figurative sense!gonna go swimming tonight, let me know if ya wanna dip"All the old bindings are broken. Cosmological centers now are anywhere and everywhere. The earth is a heavenly body, most beautiful of all, and all poetry now is archaic that fails to match the wonder of this view." - *PROPNAME*, *Myths to Live By*need someone with PR experience to volunteer their time to help with racebending.org, you interested in helping save the world?
is glad *PROPNAME* has taken responsibility for what happened. Don't worry, *PROPNAME*, I'm not mad at you!misses Ithacan winters. Hot weather sucks. Chicago better be a freezer.just played Quidditch. It was awesome.Holy Crap! *PROPNAME*'s has a rewards program that lets you get a free chocolate from the store every month! How awesome is that?starts his job tomorrow. Goodbye Freetimesville, hello Moneytown Station!can't help but smile.is liking the new job so far. Of course, the kids have yet to arrive...is my name and I'm here to say, I have the symptoms of an awesome day!is going to miss you.had a dream come true! Last night I dreamt about eating a cinnamon bun, and today I ate a cinnamon bun!knows that if we tie our houses together, the world will revolve around us!is about to lead an activity on Dating Etiquette...wish me luck.is sad the weekend is here... Can't wait for Sunday, 7pm.is going to nuke the site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.is out getting the paper...before the monsters do, am I right?thinks he'll start a Prussia-style diary, and this status update will remind him of his choice until he finally acts upon it.is currently preptastic.Hey my Rhode Island friends. What rocks to do in Providence and what's the best Italian place in the city?is sick of starting letters with "dear." My friends are more than dear, I'm using different adjectives from now on. "Anti-Establishment *PROPNAME*, how are you? Signed, *PROPNAME*." Screw you, convention!is done! Hooray!wants to be asleep and isn't. Damn you, not-terrible work ethic!is going to a research reactor tomorrow, yay!is thinking tonight of his old college town...is all set for tomorrow!is impressed that the ads on the side of FB are getting relevant without being offensively so...finally. I've got an ad for a book I like, a band I like, and a movie by an animator I like. Yay!grew bolder day by day.wants a cottage cheese and pastrami sandwich on banana bread, even if it severely ruins your reputation!wishes everyone a happy first day of classes yayyyyyyy!had a great day off...is a doctor, not a writer of witty status updates, damnit!doesn't want to say goodbye next week. : (finds fiction much more interesting when you imagine the same actors and voice actors to be the same people instead of different characters. Holy crap, *PROPNAME*'s father is Liquid Snake! Hey look, Obi-Wan Kenobi is helping Don Quixote liberate the Arabs in WWI!wishes all of his Cornellian friends good luck tomorrow! Enjoy it, it's a wonderful place.wants to see a version of that *PROPNAME* story "Gift of the Magi" where one of the people receives a Bible, only to inform their friend that they sold their soul to Satan to buy them their gift.knows he wants to be Canadian, please.had a pretty good day: kayaking, bughouse dodgeball, four-square, and lap tag. Plus good conversation...can't help but smile.is looking forward to his new college town.is one iteration closer to his desired solution!finally has apartment pictures up.is in Chicago, yay! He still misses *PROPNAME*, though...started a Prussia-style diary. Huh...that didn't take long at all. http:////todayiwassoawesome.wordpress.com//actually danced at a dance. It was fun.loved *PROPNAME*!didn't know the chemicals in jalapeno peppers could make your bare skin feel kinda burny. Huh.is off Monday, August 3. Anyone want to do something then?wants a fat little shetland pony who will complete missions for me...has to start planning his thesis...had a MUCH better first day of classes than he expected.wishes he were in Ithaca. : (is getting better at resisting the urge to Ragequit.is in love with a girl named *PROPNAME*... Damn that stuff is delicious.wishes he and his friends could burst into random song and dance like in musicals...looks a lot more like a young Lenin with his ushanka than he ever realized.recently realized there's a large whole in his theoretical structure of life. It may be a few interations before he has a working solution.is one iteration closer to his desired solution.wonders whether anyone's ever done an etymological history of onomatopoeia. Why did "oink" become so popular when most pigs I've seen go "reeee"? Why did "fap" become so popular? Is it accuracy or something else? A most interesting question... Any linguistics majors in need of a paper topic?never gives up, never surrenders!is feeling rather Odinesque today...in a Ragnarok sorta way.is enjoying Chicago immensely. If only time were passing a little more slowly.wants to thank the Tabasco company for listing the Scoville Heat Units of its products, and thinks all spicy food makers should follow suit.wishes he were in Ithaca. They get snow...just hit a wall of work.thinks he's going to make truffles tomorrow...FOR SCIENCE!has finally started orientation! Seems pretty good so far.has finally ended orientation! That was fast... Perspectives in Social Science, Historical Methods, and Early Modern England will be my classes this quarter, it seems.gave up on being a productive member of society when he left engineering, OK Social Sciences? Just let me write about cool people. I don't want to think about how my topic benefits anyone.loves Holst oh so much.PONY!feels like a koala crapped a rainbow in his brain!gazed upon the face of the Savior of the Monkeys and wept from the beauty of the sight.is done with the MAPSS midterm and much happier because of it.thinks he'll apply to Pigfarts for next year.leaves for Chicago tomorrow. Can't wait! Now if only the magical packing fairy would visit me...associates Russian classical composers with Christmas, for some reason. Not just the Nutcracker stuff, either. It's a bit odd... Especially since everyone knows Santa lives in Finland, not Russia.just found out Megas XLR is on iTunes! Life just got a little bit more awesome.is ready to begin his day fueled with the power of french toast! Readings: prepare to be read...has too many unknowns to solve his equations, but he'll never stop trying.digs giant robots.Dear everyone: crack open a dictionary and start using "hypothesis" and "theory" correctly from now on. It's not that hard, and misusing the word confuses stupid people to whom I then need to listen, which makes me sad. : (lernas Esperanton!has chourico! The tastiest, most delicious meat known to mankind! And I'm going to eat the crap out of it!amas lerni novaj lingvoj!is thankful for all his wonderful friends! Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! I wish I could spend it with every one of you.Alright Holst, listen up. I'm going to see your music tomorrow and I don't want anything supernatural to prevent it, got it? I'm sick of your crap.danced again last night. This is starting to become a pattern...remembers a time when he was able to easily find classes because the school actually had its shit together and managed to have a central location with all the course descriptions.Good morning! And in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!reads from his past and mourns the future."I love her better than anybody here, and see her seldomer. So it often happens in the world."-*PROPNAME*has finished his skeleton drafts, hooray! Suck it, essays!HAL is alive once again! Just in time for 2010, conveniently enough. Not sure if I'm gonna keep him, cuz he's now missing MS Word, but eh, he has internet.s ganache is delicious.Dear Online Dictionary Makers, Let people search the text of the entries, not just the entry words. Make your dictionaries more like a human brain. Let me search "make things the same" and find words that include those words in their definitions. That would rock. Love, *PROPNAME*I have enemies? I thought these things always just happened...feels weird being in the library during Finals Week as a patron...Holy crap this is hilarious: http:////www.standforchristmas.com//pages//home Just read these reviews. What bigoted morons think like this? Read the "Offensive" ones. They're the best.is starting to wonder whether his eyes reflect light in the near-infrared spectrum or something that's just out of sight for humans but visible to cameras, cuz man, if I only had photos to go by I would swear my eyes are red.And now all I have to do is pack! Hooray! One quarter down, two to go!is filling his diaries with references to dinosaurs and Bigfoot. This way, when the world ends and future historians have only my diary for primary sources, they'll think that at least the world was awesome before it ended. If you care about tricking the future into believing our era was the awesomest ever, I encourage you to do the same. Together, we can do it!I'm home, wheee!One paper submitted, two to go.RIP HAL 9000... I think your successor will be named Metal Gear.has the most melodramatic sister in the world...just got his mind blown. Apparently *PROPNAME* from Salute Your Shorts, the rich girl, was played by a Chinese-American actress. I totally never noticed that. Ever. Thank you, www.tvtropes.org for once again, showing that I have a terrible memory.is beginning to miss Chicago and his friends there...dreads his mortality as he walks the empty aisles of a library, admiring the volumes, yet knowing his life will never last long enough for him to enjoy them all.Let's see how honest MY FB friends are. Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me. It can only be one word. No more than one word. Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you. This should be interesting...wants to get out of Hyde Park.wants to be the very best! Like no one ever was!A bit of Christmas cuteness: http:////www.watchanimeon.com//axis-powers-hetalia-ii-episode-28//should just become a chef.wonders whether love can bloom, even on a battlefield.Merry Christmas, everyone!Well crap. My computer's software is currently corrupted or something and won't work. Right before my two Hell Weeks begin. Wheeee... Anyone in Chicago have a copy of their Windows XP Professional edition CD I can borrow to reinstall stuff?Is back in Chicago!s New Year's Resolution is to negate everyone else's resolutions.27F, feels like 14F....Ah! It's like being in Ithaca again! It feels wonderful! And yes, *PROPNAME*, I am crazy.Just did the research and writing for his 12 page term paper in 48 hours. Revision time!All three of my sidebar ads are currently about meeting girls. I think Facebook pities me... :(returns to Chicago tomorrow! Yay!First day of classes for a new quarter! I hope no suddenly loud girls give me coronary thrombosis like last quarter...has the same Spring Break as *PROPNAME*! If any Cornellians want a super awesome place to visit during their Spring Break, keep Chicago in mind...has a few excellent weekends coming up. Rock on!Happy 150th Birthday, Mr Zamenhof! Thanks for the language!The Portuguese pronounce X like SH? Damnit, is it THEIR fault Romanized Chinese does the same? I always wondered who to blame for that.wonders whether Professor *PROPNAME* would let him write a term paper on fanfictions using theories from the readings...Welche bluse magst du lieber, diese oder diese?Holy mother microfilm is a bitch on the eyes. Dear 1890, learn to write normal Ms and Ns. Yours look like Ws and Us.Come on Massachusetts! You guys are supposed to be New English! What happened?Anyone wanna see The Fly on Wednesday? It'll be awesome...just had a great day.Geez 18th Century Britons, if you love *PROPNAME* the Great so much, why don't you just marry him?Holy crap! Hiero II of Syracuse was a former general of Pyrrhus of Epirus! I never knew that! Hiero has the official title of Awesomest Friendhaver in the Ancient World now, so far as I'm concerned. Pyrrhus and Archimedes, at least! Go Hiero! You're MY hero!Can't wait for next weekend, even if he is getting evaluated!You can ask me one question (Send it to my inbox). Any question- anything. No matter how awkward it can be I'll answer it honestly, no catch. But, I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you. (I can't resist dares...)Off to the art museum! Sorry Proposal, I'll work on you later...probably...Whutta whutta whutta whutta...wishes a Happy Valentine's Day to all those for whom he cares! I hope all my friends know how much they mean to me!Is looking forward to the weekend.Is off to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*! And I got an awesome gift in the mail today! And I learned how to construct a book wheel. Today is just, like, mega-awesome!
had the worst surf session of my life!just got 16 orders all at once. sick.is beat!drove over 250miles throughout LA!! Just for work orders today. Sick.whats up with real estate REO agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap.best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.taking the rest of the day off.longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse. super!at the beach... then work. priorities.3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.hungry. fee me.depression... day before 26. lamestill feeling itoff to work! lame.had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.comon my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come:)off to work, then to surf.buying my flight to hawaii... yes, that is right brian. 7 days. that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland.need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!going to surf, eat no ka oi, then work.wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good.happy hour = bad idea.is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand. yay. come visit.off to see COMPANY OF THIEVES. pumped to slay later.still hungover!! but well worth it.partyin HB side with tools and my friends.back to school. on the path to becoming a Physician assistant.cmon weekend! good shit on the way. ooo oooooo.Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN!!! what the frick internet!driving to the LBC.afi out today. yayGoing to Laughlin???still dont get the point of the GRE.... who made up these fn words?frustrated and need motivation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!surfing sloat in the AM. yay!dexter is so moneyserved.just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.surf, then continue trying to slay the GRE.start my new life on monday.forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in LA!!! #@#!@!#R#%#!!!!it's unpatriotic and Terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the President like some sort of college cheerleader... Calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to Terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the President on his Special Day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics. It's weak, counter-productive, unprincipled, dumb and dangerous. --*PROPNAME*.glad i got the flu vaccination. $30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.sooooo spent! sleep.actually excited to be up this early!would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south; i mean it is my bday.obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! LAAAAAAAAMMMME!need to go back to sleep!!!!!!!!!!has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. $26.is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my MPA!!i dont get it. baseball is super boring.Just bought my three nights in San Fan! *PROPNAME*.anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?has an extra Company of Thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the HOB. Lemme know if you want it!! $30best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?cannot focus on my exam!!!!!usc can lick my ballshave an extra Tiger Army ticket for tomorrow night in Hollywood.T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.anyone wanna surf in the am.... after 10???????!bout to surf under the golden gate!... before the surf is too huge. hi erik. im sitting next to you; wanna get breakfast?practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. hahaThe new MUSE is intense! DUcks game 2nite. yay putos.off to san fran.anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class??start "insanity" tomorrow. eek.better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.red wings blowwhos in SF and is going out tonight?going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.iTunes is soooo bad! im going broke.cant believe the Ducks traded Pronger! Morons.last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!surf was amazing this morning. sooooooooo ready for life now.class 8am - 5pm! snap son.Gosh darn it!!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovah’s witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! That means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them.Practice question for my EMT exam "its early afternoon and the alarm sounds You are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars. He is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die. He asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic. which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting?" ...uhhhhh how intense is that?!just bought some rad GRE test prep supplies. Super excited.final EMT exam and skill exam this week!!! eeeeek.frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!damnit ducks!!! WIN SOMETHING!!!c'mon! couldnt there be a LITTLE SURF on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Tiger Army and Bleedning Through! FriggnAi am thankful for yams.http:////www.hulu.com//watch//67878//the-future-of-food?c=News-and-Informationhave an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.being sick is the cooolest.going to the AFI rise against show tonight. I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.freakin beat and super hungry.God, i love the Onion.passed the national EMT exam; off to find a JOB!!! yaaaaay for money.mmm, just planned vegas 2009. 23 days and counting.howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow. Whos coming with me?hahah wheeler hall is under siegearrrr!!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and NO surf.off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.off to colorado!!!so sick kill me nowarrrrrrrr why did they cancel TRAUMA!?finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas... lemme know if u want them.yay! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG. super pumped.start my Emergency Department training tomorrow!! Oo, OOO!packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.total cost for books $310 via school website. I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon. How rad is that?!finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley!!!!!!!!wants to be rich!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy. c'mon lotto...needs some surf!!so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.has an extra ticket to the Ducks// Sharks game tonight. section203 row M... only the best seats in the house. $26!! Plus you get to sit by me.online traffic school is exciting.if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do youscored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender. On my way to a masters in PA science! holler.so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education. grand idea!first day in the ER tomorrow. intense!on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an EMT job asap. Sent me $$$. thankschemistry is like being punched in the brain.EMT exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh. too much crapcan decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey??? leaning canada....
Preparing the different meals I can eat for my "bulking" diet with my custom workout program starting Tuesday. In theory this should be better than P90X, HIT, 5x5, etc. Counting calories is tedious, but it's the best way to make real progress.Exit Silicon Valley, Enter Silicone ValleyFinally saw Avatar in IMAX 3D last night, simply AMAZING!Going to DC tomorrow! Will crash the White House like the Salahis while I'm there.Back in Miami
is excited to pop chuckies natives cherry!If you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. It can be anything you want! When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.has an interview in 30...SO NERVOUS!!!out for the day with my manis definitely a nerd. just freaked out on jaye because i thought we left the 3D glasses at the movie store...was looking for a job and ended up with two...Dear rain, I have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... Sincerely, Barbanyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?going out with the other interns and renee? tonight is going to be an interesting night...things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line ALWAYS gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power ALWAYS gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. therea reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?! my life is now complete:)we all threw it back forcefully to THE NATIVES tonight...love you jaye!!!what an adventurous night...filled with the natives, crazy screaming men and a half-naked girl...what a great night!!!!!another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!good bye el...until sunday!!i want to go to the bar tonight...is that too much to ask?i woke up with the roots stuck in my head...weirdi feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...is starting to like her new room in the basement...having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!GOING ON AN ADVENTURE...to kalamazoo!!! bitches are jealous!ugh...thursday can not come fast enoughugh...i need a job:(finally...the inspection is over and the house looks awesome!is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!had a wonderful two days on boat...what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!is getting a cold...how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?party at my place. call the cell to join...karma is a bitch isn't it???goodbye EL...see you tomorrowhome alone...and terribly bored:(is completely uncomfortable....going to see inglourious basterds with the boy...partying at my place tonight...call me if you wanna join!!NACHOFEST!!!!i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will. time to face reality.not wearing a bra to the bar is a TERRIBLE idea...will be at the library for the rest of life...just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technologyup earlier than most everyone in EL and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn RED BULL!!awesome way to start the week...NOTis having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerdsmigraine...ughi reeeaaallllyyyy want to see taking woodstock...bar tonight? anyone want to join me??i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...rob zombie just disappointed me...never thought that would happen.going out with my man to see a play!! NACHOFEST TOMORRROW!!!!please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..yes!!! its almost been two long years...finally reunited and it feels so good!!yes...got the house to myself!!!!is off to ruperts for the night!studying until my eyeballs fall out. have to make up for the two weeks i missed...facebook stalking = FALKING!!! hahaha i love you angie!relocated to espresso royale...ugh so much to get done:(i can't get over this hilariousness. i was listening to npr the other day and this guy was interviewing a band. the band was a bunch of science nerds that made science songs. one of their songs was called my brother the chimp or something and they talked about how they believed in evolution. guy interviewing them goes...so what was the genesis of this song. i laughed. hard. and still think its funny...the endrelocated for the last time...still studying but at home. what a long confusing day:(oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...i am having a hard time studying..ONLY FIVE MORE DAYS UNTIL I GET SEE ANGIE!!!!!!ugh...nothing productive has come out of this day...spending my saturday the best way...at the library with ALEX!oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...i feel like shit...i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...attempting to finish this 10 page paper...i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.a porn star just asked to move into our house...girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing STD's loudly...wonderful.i just want today to be over already...is very sore and very tired...work, then to the lib with alex all nightjust calculated my carbon foot print...SICK!ALMOST DONE WITH MY SEMESTER!!yay...i finally get to see *PROPNAME*'s lovely face and spend the holiday with the *PROPNAME*!! Wish you were with us *PROPNAME*!!!still attempting to finish this 10 page paper...i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to DENVER!!!FINALLY DONE!!!ugh...i hate landlords and i hate renting...keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts. DONATE IF YOU CAN!!is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side:(ahh it is so nice when i am soo productive...THANKS FOR ALL OF THE BIRTHDAY WISHES EVERYONE!!! I HAD A GREAT DAY!!!needs to stop slacking...oww...broke my pinky toe, AGAIN...homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!sledding with the kids, death trap of a wooden sled and snowball fights...gotta love michigan!i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. ugh, i miss you guys!wish i wouldn't have procrastinated all weekend!! my paper draft SUCKS...trying to be productive at the lib with *PROPNAME*...a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis. absolutely wonderful night!haha no public speaking for me today...CLASS IS CANCELLED!
will soon miss the peace and quiet."The ages from 13 to 32 are very confusing times" - *PROPNAME*- "Merry Christmas, my friends and family! I wish you a wonderful, love filled day... and a year of lovely blessings!""Thank you so much, family and friends for your birthday greetings and wishes! Have a great week... Happy thanksgiving! Hugs!"2nd week without a cellphone... its like being back in the 90s.is ready to beat bronchitic asthma's ass with ginger, honey and garlic ;)News at 11... where to get the perfect jeans! Seriously?!? When did the news get so stupid?can't believe she's now allergic to tuyo as well as shrimp!
got up early today for a trip to Hamburg .. oh gosh its 07:10, cant wait to hit the sheets again =)is in FFMDobré ránoBloody Mondays..first evening in Shang hai..Thx everyone for sending the vpn tools. all blocked sites are accessible with superb connection =o)Opening a bank account in China went really fast. You sign 6 documents and they immediately print out a card and pincode. The whole process took about 25minutes.. Moved into my apartment today as well. Good location, nice furniture, good view but an odd bathroom and a very minimalistic "hallway" .. =)9MinutesHad an exciting day in the office, big lunch with the new team etc. the Office Manager is a real sweetheart, bit of tomboy attitude, rough but cordial.. I think I will fall in love with her.Bloody Monday is done in 53Minutes =))easy sundayThe early bird catches the wormSUPERB!lazy holidaysMerry Christmas & All The Love... *PROPNAME* ;o) xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxHelsinkiCan someone download the latest version of the Anchorfree Hotspotshield for me? I can't download this stuff in China, it seems to be impossible and start to annoy me. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease. xxx all the love !!! *PROPNAME*finally got his Z-Visa and is so over the winter...00:58 midnight.. soooo tired
thinks that it is impossible to be TOO heavenly minded. Watch. Those who are "too heavenly minded" will do the greatest good here.A prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit. A prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat."knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell"Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Holy! Holy! Are you Lord God almighty! Worthy is the Lamb, worthy is the Lamb that was slain! Unto you be all glory and honor and praise! May my life bring glory to your name :)is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth.wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred...Christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands...none of us even follows just one of them.says happy fathers day! In honor of my heavenly Father, who's never forsaken me or let me down. May you ever be praised, Dad :)Is going completely insane with anticipation :) T-minus 24 hours til *PROPNAME*'s arrival in Nashville!God is faithful to His word and to those to whom He has given itAn awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old bAn awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old bWhatever good I do comes not from me. Goodness is of God, and through me He chooses to make His power known. Thank You, Lord.is being conformed to the image of Christ. Do you want to be like Jesus? Then you must learn something...you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions. It's not easy, but it's not impossible.Lord let your glory fall as on that ancient day. Let it fall on both of them. Let your grace be made known eternally and mightily.When paul says "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me"...I think, "I can do nothing without You, dear Jesus, who strengthens me"hungers and thirsts for righteousness.Truly knows so little. Thank You, Oh Lord, that You are wise and You are mighty. Thank You, Lord, that Your grace knows no limits or bounds. I pray You're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give You glory with our lives.is. Learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be ;). Lord you are. You just ARE. Teach me to be like you. Teach me to be.will gladly boast in his weaknesses. When I am weak, then He is strong. Your might, oh Lord is endless. Please cover over me. Please cover over your beloved..Lest we all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections.let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days...broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to He who saved me by His own merit. Thank You dear Father who makes His goodness known in me. May You be glorified.is a tax collector who standing afar off would not even raise his eyes to heaven. I pray, "God, be merciful to me, a sinner."stop regarding men. What account is he? --isaiah 2:22.. We are nothing more than a nose-full of breath. Oh man, how frail are you? Why do you expect regard? Why do I?is a deer panting for your living water. I thirst for the living God and in my thirst I need your rest. Precious Lord, carry me for even at my strongest I lack the strength to stand on my own. AmenGimme your eyes for just one second. Gimme your eyes so I can see. Everything that I keep missin, gimme your love for humanity. Gimme your arms for the broken-hearted, the ones that are far beyond my reach...Jesus. You're the lover of my soul. Jesus. I will never let you go. You've taken me from the mirey place; set my feet upon the rock, and now I know...is excited her :D For serious, that's all i can think aboutBecause you, oh Lord, are He who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things. All things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came. Blessing and honor and glory to you, oh Father. This is the song of my spirit...praising its origin. You. My God.is excited to see her :D For serious, that's all i can think aboutLord, be my portion. Christ trusted you to provide all the help He ever needed. Let me do the same.loves being broken. It means I fought hard and didn't give up. I'll wrestle with you, oh God of Jacob, and I won't let go.thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride...he will find himself proud of his humility. :P Good call *PROPNAME*Let me know you more deeply and truely, oh Lord. There are none who know you completely, and so I pray that YOU show me. Your ways are perfect and I want my life to sing your praise. Let me walk with love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control. Against such things there is no law.Dude, I'm freaking engaged! To the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! Thank you Lord for your love through this woman :DI love *PROPNAME* 0:)is anxiously attached. I don't know how to ask for help. And I don't know how to accept it. ---i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer, thank you very much."hope in a wasteland of faith; stone figures hewn down; blood flowing through ancient sewers"I can't remember when the earth turned slowly...so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again. I lost my place, but I can't stop this story. I'll find my way, but til then I'm only...spinningLord please bless our time together. Its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure You have graced my life with. I pray that you bring her to me safely and that I pursue her well.This will probably take a good long while to get used to :) I think I'm still in shock. Haha. I have a fiance. Wow. And not just any fiance; I am pursuing the pearl of great value :DEverlasting, Eternal One, Zealous Conqueror, Creator, Sustainer, Almighty...how can I appeal to your highest pleasure. What can I bring to you that you do not already have? Vanity. Even to define my mission as one to bring you glory is utter foolishness. What can I lift up with these dirty hands? What can I sing with defiled lips?is waiting on the Lord this morningTo understand how ridiculously excited I am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred miles effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen...then you might get close to scratching the surface. Maybeis examining himself. 2 Cor 13:5. Testing himself to see if he is in the faith. Work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose. Phillipians 2:12-13we're goin down down in an earlier round...a loaded god complex is pointed right at us. Lord, please be God here. Please bless our hearts of lovebring on this semester :) What fun things will I learn?? Only God knows :) ..someone's always missing from this campus though.. last term without her...sigh*is with his darling...oh what simple things many take for granted. Thank you Lord for your gift of life. Thank you Lord for *PROPNAME* :)"I know what lies beyond this life for me is already won. No one can take away the blood that covers over my bones. Without the blood of perfect life I know I'm nothing at all."is not with his darling anymore :( sad day(s)...Lord, be my sustanence as you always are. Especially now that much of my joy is 700 miles away from me. I love you *PROPNAME*, and I miss you!"We are the sons of holy wrath,A shining light in the darkThe ones who walk amongst despair,No sign of fear in our hearts"6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed...ugh, God thank you for this morning..even though I'd like to be sleeping it away...It really is a beautiful morning :)What makes people happy? Apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy. Its a measurable, replicable scientific fact. I dunno why that strikes me funny. lol. Lord, teach us to be joyful in you.I don't know how it all works. I don't know why. I don't know how. I just am who you made me. I have what you gave me. Let me be yours. Please take all I have as yours. Let me be holy and of you. I desire for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever. Burn everlasting flame. Flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth...my best. That's what you got."I believe the world is burning to the ground. Oh well, I guess we're gonna find out"--How far have we come, Lord? Let us make the most of the time we do have here. We waste TOO much time on so many things that don't matter. Its not worth it. Really.life never seems to stop changing. Its crazy to think college is almost over. Wow. Lord, please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me.Dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! Yay!!!! Let's play in it!"I gotta feelin. Woohoo...that tonight's gonna be a good night" :) I like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well. Thanks God :)So much to say. So much to do. So much to be. So little time. 24 hours is already to small an amount of time. Its hard to be without you.Does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family? Really? Lord, at this rate, it'll take You coming on the clouds, blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives...complacent in the daily grind. Complacent in our justifiable self-pity. Complacent in our self-centeredness. It'll take You to show us how wrong we all are.has walked a thousand miles with grace so far. I could walk like this forever...Jesus how can you be so good to me?? May you be praised in every step I take. Always"I believe it all is coming to an end. Oh well, I guess we're gonna pretend". Ever feel like a five-year-old who is content to cover his//her eyes to feel safe and secure? If I can't see you, you can't see me..lol..I want us all to stop ignoring the important things. They won't go away if you ignore them. I promise.neoplatonic thinking postulates "the one" is infinite and gives rise, eventually, to this world of 'becoming". Lord you were, are, and forever will be. My one. May I draw all life and thought from Your essential creativity. May I be made to be like Your form. Good.I like where we are. here :)...except...where's my julie?????? :(((. I don't like where we are anymore..."No demanding without understanding" --*PROPNAME*"Ever since the day I was born i've been deciding the end..." let your light guide my way, oh Lord. You are the great shepherd.As long as I'm alive, I'd die for you. Thank You Lord for your love and Your awakening it within me."All these weirdos, and me getting a little better every day...I had never known...that there might be a place for people like us"--*PROPNAME*"Wilt thou change this world... Or wilt thou change thyself?"...can't i do both?*PROPNAME*. The spice of life. Apparently its one of my signature strengths :). How can I help make your life more adventurous today? Thank you, Lord, for making me salt and light.Screw you AXLE"why art thou cast down oh my soul?" Oh yeah, because my darling isn't here. Lord, this is a high calling indeed.Thank you, Lord, for today :) The day that three years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever! :) I love you *PROPNAME* :)Happy Valentine's day everybody! And especially to my sweet fiancee (with two "e's"), *PROPNAME* , who makes this day very very special for me! Hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the one you love in your arms. I'd give both of my arms just to see my love right now.Though the air is cold outside, I pray You warm our hearts with Your love.
is a baller.cannot get enough of "The Sweet Breathing of Plants." Everyone should read it. Everyone.is a salmonberry-making pie fool.
is sat in the Delphinium wating for the CS121 resit .... joy!boredAssebmler has been defeted.something must be done!its nearly over, sleep soon ^^
Best. Wedding. Ever. I LOVE YOU TO DEATH EM AND COL!Who's gonna see the Harry Potter movie with me? The person who comes is still allowed to judge me.is sick =(34,865 Kleenex and some codeine later, Kea rejoins the world of the living...took the first step toward developing a green thumb today. Windowbox basil, anyone?Good god, vacation can't get here soon enough. Here I come sun, sand, fresh seafood, and pleasure reading!Well, it finally happened: I bought a coffee so big it didn't fit in my microwave for re-heating. (Sub-status update: Go to bing.com for some major Boston pride ;-)Enjoying the lovely golden weekend!couldn't hate these new Gap commercials more. They are seriously the devil's handiwork.s dream of a roof garden will not be dashed, gosh darn it!is pretty inspired by how active (and cool) some of her geriatrics patients are...So like, what's the deal with *PROPNAME*? I think I'm missing a basic understanding of this cultural phenomenon.Did anyone else think it was obvious *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* were getting a divorce like 34 seasons ago?Life is so good! Medicine rocks and I am so proud of my man for his stellar performance review today. Here comes the first Latino Microsoft CEO, watch and wait.The roof garden is born! Will post pics after a dinner made with our very own herbs =)hates saying bye to *PROPNAME*=(Apparently, all it takes for me to go on a semi-psychotic, cockroach-killing rampage is two glasses of wine and a strategically placed Dansko.Ok, the new *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* is kind of amazing. NOW who is coming with me on 10//22?Very slowly meandering my way toward garden bliss. Does anyone in Philly have a patio umbrella they're trying to rid themselves of, by chance?Days becoming so much shorter...Hooked on Weeds without any way of getting my next dose soon. Damn you, Netflix instant queue and your empty promises.If this societal obsession with vampires had happened while I was going through my "phase" in middle school, it really could have changed my life.Good luck on shelves tomorrow, friends!Out into the cool fall air for lots of mocha and a little studying.never appreciated how good a dancer *PROPNAME* was until the recent marathons of Dirty Dancing. Kudos where kudos are due.Anyone interested in joining me for *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* on Oct. 22 at the Electric Factory? Ticket are $35 =( but I'd go with good company!s mind was just completely blown by the awesomeness of Zahav (Israeli restaurant here). Easily in the top three restaurants I've eaten at, worldwide. Go there. Now.Enjoying the nostalgia of fall...Hi, fall.How about getting to bed early? Anyone want to jump on the bandwagon?Forty-five minutes on a Rittenhouse bench, with a bag full of veggies and La Colombe mocha, really turns the day around =)just had chicken McNuggets for dinner. This is a new low. And it's called "short call at CHOP."Just burned out.Q3 overnight call at CHOP tomorrow. Poopie.forgot how much she missed House until she saw the premiere. Love it.thinks it feels pretty fly to see her tiny shoots of arugula (and spinach, kale, and two types of lettuces) battling the odds!Hm. Apparently running for the first time in months makes me simultaneously feel like horse $#!@ and want to devour a steak. Wasn't prepared for that.How did fall completely slip through the crack between summer and winter?Maybe I should have Bing'd whether staph aureus toxin is inactivated via boiling BEFORE boiling and eating the soup I left out for 24 hours.*PROPNAME* at RitFit is my new favorite person. It's kinda nice to be cajoled into thinking you're "way stronger than you think" at doing bicep curls. And that's what I'm paying him for.Just scared myself senseless by watching most of Dracula. I am such a bigger pansy than I used to be, back in my vampire-obsessed, middle-school days...Sick day today =(Weekends go by so quickly... =(No wonder *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dumped *PROPNAME*. His song about her is HORRENDOUS, even for a 90s ballad. Now I understand that *PROPNAME* is a (marginal) step up for her. *Shudder*had about 7L of insensible losses via mouth-breathing last night and woke up with a tongue the consistency of beef jerky. This viral URI can stick it up its tiny viral you-know-whoosy.Holy crap. I am in love with you *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME*. IN LOVE WITH YOU.Turned the heat on, finally.can't taste her food and is officially pissed at her URI.Somtimes you just gotta laugh.finally drove out the dust ponies. They were becoming too domesticated and needed to be set free in their natural habitat.needs free and lazy costume ideas. The polls are open!has 10 times more respect for *PROPNAME* after her crazy bra lady moves. Herioc indeed.watched in shock today as a nurse on the bus poked and yelled at an old, disabled man for sitting too close to her in the section designated for old and disabled people. Wishing I'd said something.Buy a Christmas//Hannukah//Kwanzaa//Solstice tree? Check. Get Step 1 books? Check. Start dinner before 10pm? Check. It's really amazing what we can accomplish when we're let out of surgery early!Sunday blues.I recounted my nap-dream to Raf just now. He recounted that he wanted to shoot himself in the face. Apparently the narrative was much more exciting and dramatic in my head...Note to self: Trying to rekindle an old flame for string cheese is not well accomplished using low-salt, skim mozarella sticks.Not only is Dracula good, but Batman Forever is still amazing. I had SUCH good taste in movies as a high schooler, holy crap! And now I like The Holiday?!Christmas tree decorating. *PROPNAME* of the Bells. Potentially cocoa and//or holiday cookie baking. I am officially the worst Jew ever.Is anyone else kinda suffering through this elective ranking process? I spent months obsessing over the exciting possibilities, and now all I want to do is avoid it...Halfway done with med school and off to the Outer Banks for two weeks. Limited access to phone and e-mail, but will check when I can! CONGRATS classmates!*PROPNAME* has officially caused my imminent failing of OB//GYN. I have spent a cumulative day reading "The Hunger Games" and its sequel, "Catching Fire" in the last week. And now I can't study because I'm pining for the final book in the series, which won't come out til August. Damn you, *PROPNAME*, and your cruel attempt to get me reading again!Brokeback is officially the most depressing movie of all time.Thank you, Case Files. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't know what to expect when undergoing "The Menopause."Home sweet turkey!Sunday. *PROPNAME* gone. And the person standing in line behind me at the minimart, who saw me paying with a bill that had a giant inappropriate anatomical figure on it, was a pastor. Of course.Me: "Omg I am tired after two robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomies with bilateral salpingoopherectomies. *PROPNAME*: "Awesome I did a fatakanicous dilopidous internal rectomy today too." I pity the fool who is forced to date a med student.T-6 days til St. John and leaving *PROPNAME* til March. I just realized how weird this feels.Mmm. Nothing like tea and Galetti to transport me back to early morning breakfasts in Florence."Cuz when the roof caved in and the truth came out I just didn't know what to doooo, But when I become a star we'll be living so large I'll do anything for youuuu...". On repeat. I don't care if this makes me a loser.got a white Christmas of her own: hilltop house engulfed in a cloud all day! Thx for pulling through, St. John ;-)Santa must LOVE me; St. John bound in T-11 days!If there had been a real fire tonight, everyone in my building (including me) would be burned to a crisp right now because apparently a fire alarm isn't enough to lure us from our dens.wishes the weekend would never end =)Waiting for a batch of homemade peppermint bark to set in the fridge to help ring in the New Year! Suck it, Williams Sonoma, with your exorbitant prices!wouldn't mind if a Philly, NYC, or Boston friend posted pics of the snowy city to FB! C'mon, give a girl a white Christmas =)Kea: For the love of God, I am begging you to return those heinous Brooks Brothers shirts. *PROPNAME*: Well your face is heinous. And I don't ask you to return THAT. (Just another morning's playful banter between someone studying for Step 1 and someone fighting off an awful cold...)Finally caved and saw Avatar. As I suspected, real life now looks bland and 2-D. =//just canceled out the vote of an obnoxious, be-cashmere-scarved prettyman chanting "*PROPNAME*, hare krishna, *PROPNAME*" in the middle of Starbucks. Health care for all!Here's hoping the House and Senate can reach some sort of agreement...Almost just passed out in the library trying to test my Valsalva//baroreceptor//HR reflex. And no, my reflex is NOT intact, thankyouforasking. Frick!is officially more than halfway done studying for Step 1. Yikos.just completed her night cheese ;-)would rather be potting. Even after 10 hours in the studio this weekend...s library nemesis has answered her pine nut brittle with chips, a paper lunch bag, and a thinly-veiled apology for his "snack attack." Touché, library nemesis, touché.just found a blue rubber band in her pork wonton.Really, USMLE World? You really want me to know which growth factor receptors have intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity, and which ones need JAK//STAT for signal transduction? I poop on you.I hate to disappoint you, but my rubber lips are immune to your charms.1. Kea: a) one who has an excessive amount of cool b) a verb showing that someone is doing something sick c) a person filled with self-loathing for actually following this FB fadMeh.Ok, *PROPNAME*. You only get to name ONE disease with a name that ridiculous. Come on!can't decide if it's good or bad that med students score worse than a monkey randomly choosing an answer for some of these USMLE questions...just typed "loves 30 Rock so much it hurts sometimes" into the FB search box. I think I'm hemorrhaging brain cells at this point.Had a dream last night that I defied the laws of the space-time continuum. Isn't that like the holy grail of dreams?Who dat?!Seriously going insane. Actually wishing I could move up my date to spare myself the psychological nightmare of last-minute USMLE studying.thinks one of her library nemeses is trying her own emergency tactic on her, namely, faking a horrendous cough to drive others away. Oh, it's ON, bitch!caved.
says "Sorry Orlando but *PROPNAME* failed the Heat. He was always going to fail you."thinks the Orlando Magic should change their name to the Orlando Joke.My mother saw the Proposal without me so I've lost my excuse to go see it.There's nothing less cool than being exhausted from hours of not doing a damn thing at all.HEY! Have you heard the news? *PROPNAME* died. NO! Say it isn't so, *PROPNAME* died.I'm trying hard not to meet you when I'm sleeping.Let's talk about how much fun we had about fucking the world.would you believe I forgot to enter the football lottery?has a new medicine. It's 100 movie channels on a television.I'll jump and kick and bite and scratch and scream until I'm blue in the face.DYSLEXIA FOR CURE DISCOVERED.will be at Monday Night Raw in Orlando tonight. I'll be the one promoting "Straight *PROPNAME*'s Man Slammin' Max-Out."is getting Saddr & Weirdr.is filling up boxes and boxes and soon I'll get in one too.*PROPNAME* was pardoned today for having romantic ties with a white woman in 1908. Now... racism is dead.is back to thinking about nowhere.can't lie. He misses Gainesville, everyone in it and can't wait to get back.Denver tried to keep me.Net Worth: $1,000.still has a moustahce.I'm fucking scared of the future.It's official. I'm boring.is moved in at Loft Oasis and very pleased.There is no rest for the whiny.is going to go visit the homie locked up in the joint.To all my friends out there, I better not have to visit any of you at a jail house. Looking at a good friend through some glass is depressing.Do I party too much or do I not party enough?Chia-like, I shall grow.There's nothing to do but eat Ritz crackers and neglect school work.has the only story that is open, baby. He only sells beer and he only sells ice cream.Never trust a man without an embarrassing secret.Shutter Island got pushed back to February. I'm sort of thankful because that's $8 less I have to spend this semester.I have to eat up this week because I'm spending next week with hippies and they serve nothing but vegan food.Flirt with disease I'm concerned with HIV Keep health and hygiene a secret from you and me See her name and life behind a scene of fiends She wants to be famous overnight but this her eulogyCold Chillin', Cold Chillin'Why would anyone want to screw over the Undertaker?If we can't do it together, then we'll do it apart.just remembered how much he likes The Strokes.is *PROPNAME* for the next week. If no one hears from me for awhile, start reading the Denver Post.made it home somehow.Can *PROPNAME* hurry up and prove me right already?is OLD & UNPROFESSIONAL.Read about a horror movie you'll otherwise overlook on my site page. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d6-Trick-r-TreatPlease... one more beer... then grow up.If you all want a beer brewing club at UF, then wish me and my wolf pack luck tomorrow.How many licks does it take to get to the center of your universe?My prediction for the upcoming NFL season: Fuck *PROPNAME*.It Might Get Loud' in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d9-It-Might-Get-LoudIt's Easter! Teebow is resurrected.I bleed articles for your wholesale. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d22-New-Movies-WooThis unconformity is conformity.Read as I get angry in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d11-STOP-THIS-MANwants to thank you in his latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d20-Im-So-Proud-of-You*PROPNAME* is almost plays almost as bad as *PROPNAME*.I'd rather steal your whiskey than your heart in conversation.Read this and get excited for films. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d13-RevolutionJust like I called it. *PROPNAME* put up zeros across the board today.Read about *PROPNAME* on my site page. He's a real happening dude. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d16-Richard-Kidd-Man-of-1000-effectsI hope everyone else enjoys their NFL Sunday. I'll be taking the GRE.Read about where you can see some vampires.http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d26-ALL-VAMPIRES-ALL-WEEKjust cries and cries without ever knowing why.I went to bed at midnight last night and woke up at 5:30pm. Whoa.*PROPNAME* is an asshole.Getting letters of recommendation is a stress.Wrote a quick article on *PROPNAME*. Check it out. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d2-Roger-Beebedidn't know it was the forest spirit that made the plants grow.Read about what's playing at the *PROPNAME* Union, dammit! http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d19-AdamIs there anyone out there who can write me a good letter of recommendation?comes with a dipping sauce.Love everything about going home except the traffic.My foot really hurts. How do I know if it is broken?Read my review of Precious. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d22-PreciousCheck out my review of Pirate Radio. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d16-Pirate-RadioDear Jets, Your defense ain't shit. *PROPNAME* is a cry baby who got showed up by *PROPNAME*. You can't touch Miami. Stop debating it.saw Old Dogs...the things I do for my parents.Back like a sequel. I take a look at the career of *PROPNAME* in honor of his visit to UF this tuesday. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d8-Brett-Ratner-aka-Boring-GuyWe're talking Christmas movies in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d6-Best-Christmas-MoviesBring back the double feature and find out how by reading my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d30-Double-FeatureMy readership is down but you can bring it up by reading this personal piece I wrote for you all. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d28-Why-We-Go-To-MoviesLet's talk about how much fun we had when we were fucking the world.You all are going to party at my funeral because mourning is for suckers.The GRE has been passed. Tonight, we eat chicken wings and watch half naked men punch each other.never realized how boring life is until I lost my cable.didn't get fired, got laid off. didn't get fired, got laid off.made it through 30 minutes of Cannibal Holocaust. I believe in artisitic expression and everything but damn...this is pushing it.my status update keeps screwing up. But I will be doing comedy at 1982 tonight with other great comics. Stop on by at 9pm.has to be at work at 7am. Wait...since when do I have a job?What should I write about for my next article? What do you guys want to read about?Everybody has a price.doesn't get the point of minus grades. They're only there to make my transcript less glamorous.is just trying to find a fb status that doesn't bother anybody.Just when you think the yankees have enough superstars, they go and get *PROPNAME*.loves alcohol and women.is depressed and beautiful.Read about my latest theater ventures. Thanks for getting me a holiday bonus, btw. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d23-Holidays-at-the-moviesis dumb.Whatever happened to *PROPNAME*?You're going to want to read my latest article because this one is about Death Factory. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d29-Nothing-to-do-but-visit-the-Factory2010Someday my skill set will be wanted.Can't wait to sleep forever.What did I think of the movies 2009 had to offer? Read about it here. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d6-2009-Superlativesis no longer going to just stand there. This time, I'm going to bust a move.Some movies plan piss me off. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d13-Anger-In-CelluloidYou could die and nobody would care.If you didn't fuck my ex-girlfriend, I would still owe you three thousand dollars.Check out what I've got written for The Book of *PROPNAME*. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d17-The-Book-of-EliAnother film review already? Well, it was a three day weekend. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d18-The-Imaginarium-of-Dr-Parnussuswill probably be getting drunk tonight and tomorrow night. Be ready for my text messages.Dude, get with the program.writes briefly on our expectations of films. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d20-DANGER-ExpectationsIf I wasn't such a dork than I don't think I'd have the friends that I do. I love you guys.Thanks to everyone who came out to last night's Gator Nights show. It was a blast.still working on getting paid to say dumb things.Kid Rock was right. We should all just be cowboys.has an interview with the FSU Film School on the 26th. Big things poppin'.Performing stand up comedy thursday night and friday night. That's two chances to see me and be a real friend. Or else it's real pain for my sham friends.You could die and we'd all really care.My pay check is like your pay check only without all the zeros.Doing two shows this week. Tuesday night at 9pm at 1982 and Thursday Night at 9pm at the Clarion Inn.THOSE KANGAROOS CAN KILL YOU!Fuck the pro bowl, going to see the Rumble Royal.I don't want to go outside because I might have a terrible day.As we get older every day feels longer and although I know I'll struggle I will do my best to never get tired.For those who haven't seen it yet, I've got a new stand up video up. Thanks for all the support. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4kUmPOzOU4cZOO TRIP!
i miss my sister.Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!off to shanghai
Love me Dead...Attention everyone: If you have the misfortune of reading this, then I regret to inform you that I've been seriously injured in a car accident. Okay, maybe not, but I did just lose the game....Desperately seeking room slash room mate. Can anyone help me out with any leads?Failing....the next best thing to succeeding.Anyone think they could help me out by escorting me to the airport Friday morning? I can pay in undying gratitude and awkward silences....Plan A officially scrapped. Good thing I have plan B right? Airportage at 5:45 in the am!If a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it, do you still lose the game?So. Zombieland: Great movie?......or the greatest movie?Back in the 813....the place to be!Would you like some failsauce to go with your epic fail?In Toronto! I'm getting my Canadian on!Back from vacation. Cruise was fun, but now I feel like I need a vacation from the previous vacation...Sick! I'm going to blame Northerners...why? Why not?So there's something about a Super...Bowl? On right now?So this is what it's like to be bored on a Saturday night...
is going to Oslo tomorrow!Will be in a dress rehearsal tonight in preparation for the Båstad concerts with Musica Vitae. :)Happy Midsummer!!Wow! That was a really spicy lunch in Østersund! Time to walk it off.... ;)just ate delicious pizza after a busy and tiring day of walking around downtown Oslo, the Viking ship museum, Norsk Folkmuseum and beautiful new Opera house with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.Went to the Natural Science Museum and Imax theatre today. :)Practicing...Going to have a bbq tonight, and am off to Munich tomorrow. Yipee!is getting tired of staring at her computer screen, working on a TEFL course, and needs to take a break and go to the gym.working out, practicing, packing....Mmmm... good food after a long day of coachings and practice.mmm Espresso at Chocco cafe.had a wonderful week in Southern Sweden and Olso, and is heading North to the land of the midnight sun... next stop, Trondheim.is going to Prague tomorrow. ;)Was caught in a downpour while going for a long and pensive walk in the forest. :(Back in Stockholm!going to the dentist to reverse the effects of continual coffee drinking.looking forward to visiting Prague again on Friday to pick up my Japanese visa.drinking hot tea with hyssop to alleviate sinus pressure from the large amounts of poplar fluff and pollen this week.is in Canada!is in Litomysl and loving every minute of it! ;)off to eat some yummy sushi!went to *PROPNAME*'s house (brother) for cedar-smoked walleye, yummy salad and potatoes, white wine and to see the International fireworks competition display-- tonight was a great presentation by China. :)was visited several times at home by cousin *PROPNAME* and family, Aunt *PROPNAME* and Uncle *PROPNAME* and the Kidds. Besides this, I am reading books, watching movies such as "What Women Want" and trying to organize suitcases for my move to Japan on Saturday. :)is performing tonight in the opening concert in Litomysl.walked from S:t Eriksplan to Gamla stan (after a work-out), around Gamla stan, and back via Sodermalm//Kungsholmen. Stockholm is beautiful!!Going to the hot springs for the HPAC opening party.very pleased with the Konami sports club membership-- a heated pool, running track, machines, weights, free athletic classes and a spa all in one package. :)Yoga cures nearly everything that ails.time to catch up on sleep...goodnight!safe and sound in Japan! :)going on a walking tour to the castle etc. of Osaka.walked around Takarazuka and Osaka today. :)Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!the weather suddenly snapped into Autumn.Pumped from working out at Konami, but is cramming Japanese for the lesson tomorrow.having fun drawing in solitude.took a personality test, and it said that I'm suitable to be a "supervisor."The first week is always the hardest, right? If so, it won't be long before I'm whipped into shape-- I went to the Konami gym 5 times this week. :)Listening to opera, Brahms and browsing through amazon.com.Back from the Cello//Viola dinner party! :)Flight delayed by freezing temperatures in China, but arrived safely!very, very sleepy.preparing for her voyage across Eurasia... not over the pond this time. ;)my first typhoon experience ever is coming!!going with Eric to see Flickan som lekte med elden.The connecting flight was delayed yet again by a couple of hours in China, but I will go to bed and sleep for as long as it takes to recover!!Busy week with Rehearsals and 3 great concerts with Maestro *PROPNAME* and soloist *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* Violin Cto and Bruckner 7, bday party in Shinsaibashi Osaka, Konami gym, Japanese lessons, duets, Thanksgiving dinner, and soon to come: Universal Studios!feeling the burn in my shoulders and triceps from the gym.mmm...home-made pizza. :)To bed early with a splitting headache and goose-egg about two inches wide at the back.ate yummy salmon with pasta and veggies after a work-out @ Konami.looking forward to Christmas festivities!Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!annoyed with the slow internet connection. :(visited the Martinu museum.Happy New Year!Going to the gym again. :)wishing the rain would turn to snow for Christmas!off to buy more coffee.off to Japanese class within the hour-- have to stop surfing the web!!dragged herself out of bed to put out the cardboard that has been accumulating for more than 3 months! :)Leaving for the airport and flying to Norway tomorrow!Back from the gym, and looking forward to the New Year's party. :)It's Doppelgänger week, in which Facebookers may change their profile pictures to someone famous their appearance has been compared to. POST TO UR PROFILE!Alive and well and drinking a lot of coffee to kick-start the day.coffee, music and home-made pizza.Made it through the first day of rehearsal after a long journey! :)excited to go to my first Japanese private lesson tomorrow.Up early to finish reading "The Prospector," and will leave soon to practice before working.Well rested after a week of jetlag, Taka City concert, various other rehearsals and a Yakitori party.loving the snow. :)
"...when will the GSS end? is BOSE headphone part of the GSS? wanna get one with my pay...when i get my pay...""...is hating this job...""...life sucks...but god is still good...""...moved. now at Wordpress..."feeling musle tiredness from standing almost a whole day @ TGX......plans for taking off on tuesday...why is my FB so wierd... can't FFS this way... the home page looks funny too...why has my status become a warzone.... @.@IAP - A, FYP - B... lols.... GPA still seems safe... =)Gonna be sleeping soon... For Tomorrow, I needa CHIONG my PROJECT. =)So Horrible... Reformatting DELL PC at home... Stupid Driver CD... Finally can work... but... ONE by ONE install??? Zzz...Gonna try need for speed shift on PSP...OMGOMGOMG... Results release day.... XDSleep Time... for tomorrow is work time... =)wonders if someone is missing the posts from FFS on my wall... xDFaith 4-1 Dinner: 19th Sep, Meet @ Dhoby Ghaut - 5:30pm. SMS *PROPNAME* to RSVP. Exclusive to my faithfourone batch only. =DEARTHQUAKE!!!!1 week left to complete the project... few more features to be implemented... =)87 Pets on FFS... LOL...WTH I AM SHAKING ON THE 16th FLOOR!!! EARTHQUAKE!!!WTH... I do not understand what I am doing with rendermonkey... What values are stored in each component of the semantics... and how the hell I am going to complete that practical.Why is mocap not in the mocap room?is wondering what's the actual date for start of modules... xDBack to work again... =) Working is good... haha...not gonna be facebooking much tonight...*PROPNAME* said she was allergic to Pepper! LOL.*PROPNAME* is a bully... T_T"...gonna move from Blogger to Wordpress soon..."Totally no mood to do anything... Stupid smoker that used my admin number... spoil my day only... =(Anyone know anything about NIS Scholarships? Can explain more to me? haha...There any problem with FFS Feeds? LOL! Looks like alot of information not displayed there...*PROPNAME*, I saw BMW Accident with Nissan Sunny around EXPO this morn b4 service, Nissan seemed to get damage less. BMW no airbags came out, Nissan Airbags out. BMW passengers got injury... I know cos BMW driver dad's cell group friend... so... drive safe... =)Gonna try to re-setup PhysX and add in NxOgre on my com tomorrow... ROAR!!!@ M Level 4 Photo Studio now...Please spread the word that the DET FusionX Photoshoot timings are out. CHECK SCHOOL EMAIL! Those GP people who still owe me their resumes... tomorrow is the deadline.Owe RESUME hand up RESUME! haha...Please spread the word that the DET FusionX Photoshoot timings are out. CHECK SCHOOL EMAIL!DET Photoshoot TODAY! Wear BLACK TOP... =D Can start thinking of a pose for your fun shot.TOMORROW MOCAP CLASS 4-6PM @ COMPUTER LAB! PASS THE MESSAGE TO ALL PEOPLE TAKING MOCAP TMR! FROM MS EDA. DESOC: E-LEARNING TOMORROW DUE TO OPEN HOUSE! CHECK EMAILS!Not so well today... getting betta...Finished most of the Mocap Cleanup... Dunno if it looks wierd... should I capture again?14 more days... Gotta Persevere...Hi, my name is *PROPNAME*!14 more days... OGRE WILL BE SLAUGHTERED FIRST!Slept 7 hours last night from 3am plus while listening to worship songs... =)DET People doing modules. Take note... Photoshoot is on Tues. Get your black top ready! (:I want new FB Layout!Those who still owe me resume... HAND THEM IN! Gonna be up most of the night tonight... PHS @.@*PROPNAME*, pls help tell the FYP ppl to check email for their photoshoot timing. Thanks.Facebook Developers, I feel that the new layout needs a shortcut to applications from every site. Probably a button for applications on the top bar?
back to realitySome phone no. from San Ramon called and I was excited to answer as I thought it was the school district, only to hear that they were looking for a *PROPNAME*. Boo :// ...*PROPNAME*working on a few art projects ;D Ideas//Inspirations//Dreams are welcomed! ...takes a hike.*crossing fingers*will try my hands at sushi makin' :pNo matter what, you've got to strutwants to practice her markswoman skills. Wonders if there are any archery classes in this neck of the woods ... D------ -Dad tells me that he listens to "Gin and Juice" on his way to work sometimes. I lol'd...98.1 Golden Oldies ;)is happy Southwest found her luggage today!Dirt Divas championships, then off to Denver!Someone give Lady Gaga a bandaid!!!"Baby I've got you on my mind..." O_<When one door closes, another one opens...is no longer at *PROPNAME*.Can't wait for Casablanca theme night!!Walgreens all out of the flu vaccine...Plan B...vitamins(?)Guy in a "peace-sign" truck tailgates then cuts me off on the freeway. Some act of kindness a-hole.Student: Can I turn this assignment in late and still get full credit? Ms. T: Nope. Student: I'll give you an apple? Ms. T: Too cliche. Student: ..How 'bout a pineapple?is really excited about arranging and decorating the classroom today :pthe classroom didn't feel like a sauna or smell like sweaty sock-house today. Whoohooo!dreaming in colorneeds to fight off this cold o_Ois drinking ice tea by the pool ... like a bossAbout to use my new alarm clock that projects time on the ceiling ;p Laziest thing ever and I'm gonna love it!Brother says I look like a Russian spy right now. lol!Feels like punching something. What should it be?I'm just sippin on chamomile...hopes it will snow in Concord again this week. That was the highlight of the day for sure!doesn't like it when things don't go according to plan, but is grateful for her ability to improvise :pVisiting mah' parents...ready to play Beatles Rockband with muh' brothas. hahaFun time with BG at "Nightlife" Academy of Science. Drinking some wine, gazing at stars, observing an albino alligator, and dancing to some bongo-beats! Craazy mixCongratulations to *PROPNAME*, 2009 Graduate! Whoohooo! Keep reachin' for the stars broder :Dgetting organizedGood deal on my New Years 'fit and my first good pair of 4 inch pumps! Lets see if I survive the night...hahawants an ice cold beer!!Going to the golfing range with Papa-Diddy Pops :)just as I remembered...rockclimbing is the shizz! Now I'm amp'd for the work week. ;Ds feeling good :)"But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things."Get up and get out"Forever young, I wanna be, forever young..."looking forward.
Vegas until Thursday :)Michigan and Chicago last weekend, Vegas next week, Milwaukee after that :)I love Chic-fil-a. (And no, they are not my clients).going to Milwaukee for the weekend :)I need a name for my sewing collection - ideas welcome :)Thanks for the Birthday wishes!Had a great weekend in West Michigan. Headed back to ATL for a few days. Then I'll be back for *PROPNAME*'s wedding!Homemade peach pie is done, now off to the pool!unpackingSweetwater tonight! :)Going to Twisted Taco at Perimeter tonight!Are you going to the Big 10 Pub Crawl tomorrow in Midtown?I'm on my way to Chicago for two days :)new hobby: pillow shams :)sewing a dressAt the Grand Traverse Resort - the bay is beautiful!I have an abundance of Apple Crisp, Peach Cobbler and Peach Pie at my house - PLEASE HELP!Back in ATL :)Hanging out with *PROPNAME* :) Girls weekend!pasta schmastaKnow anyone who can teach me how to knit and crochet?Working from home is da' bomb.Thai Chicken Pasta with Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti - delicious dinner!*PROPNAME* gave me a Christmas table cloth and dish towel! Now we have a Christmas tree and festive linens! :)Watching Twilight :)Cinnamon ice cream from scratch - just another day living with a culinary student :) *PROPNAME* rocks!making a quiltHeaded back to ATL after a great weekend in Tampa :)Chocolate covered potato chips - what will they come up with next! (They are so good!)Christmasing :)Going home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s bridal shower and Father's Day!!!I love vacation. Tomorrow we're going to the beach :)*PROPNAME* "Noel", Christmas slippers, hot cocoa, soft blanket, and a book. Just missing the snow!Sewing again!Back in Atlanta! There's no snow here!My co-workers just 'bumped' - Love iPhone entertainment!Traverse City this weekend, Detroit next weekend. Fall in Michigan!On my way to Chicago. :)Headed back to Atlanta. Gasparilla was a hoot.finishing my quilt todayDearest Souper *PROPNAME* of Buckhead, Your chocolate cupcakes were heavenly. Hope to see you again for lunch soon!Chicago on Monday & Tuesday, Orlando on Thursday & Friday and Tampa on Saturday & Sunday
is all about NYC tomorrow :-)is getting ready to wrap up her first week in NYC.cannot wait for Friday! :-)has one week left?!is heading cross country!!can't wait for Ithaca tomorrow :-)NYC to incommunicado in 24 hours? Can't wait :-)is off to her first day of school!so there's a Guam quarter?BEST DISCOVERY: There is a Wegman's 10 minutes from my house!!what's up PA inspection standards?Longest day ever--but so great to see so many HC people!is venturing off into the world of high school football. Go Lions?is making apple-carrot muffins like no one's business.2 months!!is heading to Princeton to watch the little bro row in his first race! Go Big Red!made the most kickass shrimp penne arribiata-like dish! Now, off to watch the game!is back in DE for the Dover race tomorrow!is tea at lunch and pumpkin bread muffins after school.wants it to be 1 month and 2 weeks from now.is Delaware-bound in just a few hours!is H1N1 :-(just booked her tickets to Germany for Winter Break (!!) and is heading to Ithaca tomorrow for Homecoming! Life is good :-)3 weeks :-)Last day of school until the New Year!! (3 days!)just needs to make it through Thursday.RIP Raccoon in my driveway this morning :-(is really missing 130 Linden right now.SNOW!!Back States' Side :-( What a wonderful trip :-)will be in NYC by this time tomorrow!Nine tagen :-)Potsdam :-)PHL --> TXL (!!)Black! P.S. DC tomorrow!loves being back in the Mid Atlantic and in high school where 2 hour delays for 3 inches of snow are possible!vegetarian chili and beans for the little onesis checking out what Habitat for Humanity is all about!Snow in Germany!just made some kickass veggie lasagna!SNOW DAY!!s house smells like hickory and fall!"I gave her my heart and she gave me a picture of me as an old time sheriff."Fabulous weekend :-)
I know many people have faced this issue before, but MIT Graduate Admissions should stop denying the existence of Caltech...According to a certain oil//gas industry recruiter, 3.4 < 3.0.It's creepy how facebook suggests that a certain friend has too few friends.It's really irksome when a grad school application recognizes 'California Institute of Locksmithing' but not 'California Institute of Technology.'Contra Costa County is now recruiting prison cooks at Caltech. I didn't know they needed prison cooks that badly. Besides, there's probably a 3.5 GPA requirement somewhere...We consider a pure gas composed of rigid, nonattracting spherical molecules of diameter d and mass m, and the number density (number of molecules per unit volume) is taken to be n.Apparently "California Institute of Technology" is too long a name for MIT Graduate Admissions.The moral of Ninja Assassins: if you're ever attacked by black pajama-clad assassins, your only chance of survival is riding in a Volkswagen Eos.just realized that it's cheaper to run his car on lard in Texas ($6.22//gallon) than on diesel ($6.77//gallon) in the UK.I love how Techers are always tagged as "The Smart One."told the guy behind the fish counter to gut a catfish by mimicing longitudinal write slices.Fun( baiting Russian trolls) > Fun( baiting generic trolls)What's this song I'm hearing on the radio with sirens, screams and gunshots? Oh right, it's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town."Good thing Caltech doesn't have a front gate; otherwise, someone would write "Wirklichkeit Macht Frei" on top.My family now has 1 car//person, down from 1.25 cars//person.The AeroPress is back in business. America, fuck yeah!9//9. Finally done.My 2005 *PROPNAME* has a ridiculously sharp throttle response. I wonder if it has anything to do with the unintended acceleration problems...wonders why engineers are overrepresented in terrorist organizations.Mass Effect 2: It's nice to see that the Nigerian 419 scam is still going strong in 2184, this time with Batarians trying to recover quarantined Prothean artifacts.I don't know why new car dealers in Houston insist on all-season tires on all their products. We have snow one day every 3 years!Note to 'The Wildlife Fund': Fuck you, stop pestering me about your $500 'donation' to my nonexistent 'zoo'.Dear BioWare: Dragon Age is a wonderful and entertaining game, but epic fail on the load times. At least make the wait entertaining. Instead of blood tracks on a map (or awkward elevator rides), how about a 2D hack 'n slash minigame?Southern rap: oh, the amazing things you can do with a minimalist palette of shouts, chants, and grunts.Stanford says no. :(
I like this work, play and no class thing...summer should happen more often<3 baking cookiesReady for an awesome summer at Stanford!!I'm MeLTINGwhy does it feel like it should be the weekend by nowwwwmigraine = :(must write essays!<3's picnics<//3 new dentist<3's Hawaii<3's pedicuresback to workkkone more week to catch up on life...then VACATION<3's dancinghome in the heights!breath of relief!!!!<3's catching up with friends<//3 softball :(PROJECT RUNWAY!!needs to focusssssenoritis go away please! oh and take my flu with you.I'M GOING TO BE A DOCTOR!HAPPY THANKSGIVING!no more shopping!!!Home for Thanksgiving! <3is locked out of her room, with no roomates or RAs in sight :(in SD :DDONE DONE DONE!!!! :Dstuck in SD airport for.....ever?Best Birthday Ever! 3 Surprise dinner//get-together//party, and VEGAS on Halloween <3 Thanks to everyone that made my 21st special!<3 rain when I'm not driving in it!sleep? who needs itoff to christmas in vegas with family <3Heading back to LA :)Happy New Year and Decade Everyone!!!!a day of snowboarding = most exercise I've had all of breakaghhh almost christmas :DDTHREE DAYS TO CHRISTMAS!!!!!! <3 <3Happy Hour w// the drawmates :D
R.I.P *PROPNAME*! You and your music will alway be in my heart :(I walked around whole Sundsvall today and half the way it started to rain.....I'm off to work!! have the evening shift....Have a new IPOD :)Welcome Dinner tonight and I'm the toastmaster :)Have done Zumba for the past 1 hour... a really greate form of workout.. Love it!! :)Have fixed my music library on my laptop... so now everything is in order :)A whole day of shoping and I didn't find a single thing...... hmmmmmMy troath hurts :(First day of school wasn't so bad.... Just abit scary ;)Soon on my way to the Bad Taste party.... :)relaxing after yesterdays party :)RIP *PROPNAME* - Boyzone will never be the same without you....I'm down.... In bed with a nasty cold....just want to sleep... I really hate being sick.... :(Got a new mobilephone..... :)It's Snowing!!! Ahhhhhhh.....Had a home-spa day today, the best thing to do if you want to kill some time when it's raining outside...I just fell in love with jazz improvisation.. it's so much fun :)Had my first statistics class today and it was so..... hmmm... how should I say it.... messy maybe... this really gonna be a strange class.....Back home again from the Tallinn Party Cruise.... Tierd but Happy :)Trying to find schools for my C-level paper....From All of Us to All of You a Very Merry Christmas :) !!!!Only 1.5 weeks left of my summer-work then its back to Karlstad again... Looking forward to it.... It starting to get abot boring up here in the north.... ;)I'm Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy.... Thanks everyone for the nice Birthday wishes I love you all!!!! :DMotivation = ZeroConflictmanagement are really interesting... I just find out that i'm more like my mother then I thought :)Was on my first voice lesson today... feels good to start singing again... It was a long time ago... but now I'm back on track again ;)I like my life right now... :)
New Year's resolutions... why wait until January? Screw that, December is MY month! I will exercise daily. I will not fall asleep randomly without brushing teeth (eww). I will clean my room weekly. I will not save files with names like 'adsvdsq.' I will finish all tasks by 75% of the deadline. And for motivation, I will move $100 from my checking to my savings account each time I fail! Go go self-improvement!Baking in my room. TTYay! Left my flash drive inside a computer in a PACKED math lab yesterday. Called the office today and asked them to check and it was still there! Now I can go back to sleep; woke up early to call them before anyone found it. ZzzzYou know in Spiderman where he wakes up, puts on his glasses and realizes he doesn't need them anymore? Yeah, I had that today then I realized I had my contacts on. -.-I just had a dream that combined The Grudge + Twilight + Harry Potter + Pokemon. Malfoy had unsealed the Grudge demon from within Bella and Bulbasaur and Jigglypuff had to save the world. WTF? That doesn't even make sense.has been awake for way too long, listening to music way too loudly.woke up laughing after thinking in my dream "Good thing zombies are so slow...", then a zombie drives by in a car screaming "NOT IF WE LEARNED HOW TO DRIVE", and promptly crashes into a wall. :D//facepalm, the person who last used this book underlined all the bold words... WHY?! Well, that's what you get for 5% retail price. >>;IT'S 4M AND I'VE BEEN LYING IN BED FOR 2 HOURS. RAAAGEENeed a topic for my second UC prompt. Describe me in one word. GO!Free shipping is my downfall.Made the UC App my homepage to stop me from procrastinating. Wait. Why am I here. AHHHH *deletes all bookmarks*Internet downtime, ending procrastination since 1996.bought so many things during Cyber Monday, he's memorized his credit card number. ://just got a new chair. I don't know what "passive lumbar support" means, but damn does it feel good.I hate you lab write-ups.Dilemnia: It's 3am and I wanted to blast music through my speakers. >:[heard someone at home depot ask a worker for "that thing that makes holes 'n shit." LOLpassed out while reading about narcolepsy yesterday...Damn sense, always getting in my way.Came 45minutes late to C++ final, still finished before everyone else. :DBuckyballs, I want my 6 hours back. >.>pain is painful.went to a run down dollar store and it was playing *PROPNAME*'s "Canon in D." I laughed the entire time I was in there. :DSpent the last 2 hours sitting in the dark happily listening to music way too loudly at 6am :)It's 6am and I can't sleep cause I just finished ordering parts for a new computer. Too excited. I'm nerdy, AND WHAT? D:saw "IN TRANSIT TO ONTARIO, CA" on my tracking information and thought "WHY IS IT GOING TO CANADA?!" Who knew there was a city named Ontario in California? :xComputer case coming from South LA. Everything else coming from Tennesee. I get to stare at the case and do nothing with it for 4 days. *PROPNAME*, why art thou so cruel? D:Mom just found out I'm an atheist and is trying to convert me. Ahahaha7:15 chem classss, dieee D: *collapse on floor* zzzzzzzzzzzz
thinks this is the best day ever!!! ;)is on *PROPNAME*'s 30th birthday Golf Pub Crawl!!is loving girls night out for *PROPNAME*'s bday!is @ the Whitecaps!!loves her new Jeep Liberty!!is praying that that tech guys can save her computer otherwise I start my thesis over from ground zero...on the boat with M&M!is picking up JLGR's Beneath the Wreath posters and postcards! Wohoo!is trying to figure out something super amazing to do on her last two days off...is so excited for Hageman's wedding! My former roomie is all grownsd up. :)is going to a fraternity formal (not something I ever thought I'd say at the age of 27)from the first day of school to the first Junior League meeting...busy day!wishes she were in EL cheering on State rather than working on her thesis...you know it was a good party when a Tasmanian Devil and Bumble Bee show up the next afternoon looking for their lost antennae...is relaxing in Fremont with the fam. Tomorrow it's off to the Driftwood & possibly KC's :)wishes life was always as simple as it was in high school when my biggest decision was what to wear for yearbook pictures...just turned in her Master's project and is finally done!!!is enjoying the last day of holiday shopping at Beneath the Wreath! 11:00-3:00 today at the St. Nicholas Cultural Center. www.juniorleaguegr.comand *PROPNAME* are driving to the Florida Keys!!!!just got an "A" on my six hour capstone exam for my Master's...yay!is excited for Picnic Pops! (*PROPNAME* = not so much)Hello, FHS Class of 2000! We are planning a 10 year reunion for this May//June. If you have thoughts//suggestions then feel free to contact me or *PROPNAME*. Thanks!Congrats to *PROPNAME* on his wedding today and Go State!made her first attempt at cooking bok choy...not sure there will ever be a second.is missing Pokey Stix, *PROPNAME*'s, and everything about East Lansing!! Go State!Let's go State!
is a licensed driver again! woo hoodear baseball...please give me someone to root for!JM3 Tonight!!! woo hoo
Up to 249 friends already, nearly to 250!wow. I was searching my name in facebook, and suprisingly enough, i'm not the only *PROPNAME* in the world (obviously), and they all seem to resemble me in some way.....try it! facebook search your name and check out the crazy resemblances (if any)oh great! i've found the new billy mays! just saw him on a commercial advertising this scratch remover stuffdoes anyone have HOPE, coach abel?nothing like a nice bike ride on a nice day like this....298 friends!!! almost to 300!!!Woot! Thanksgiving break! Let's give thanks for this wonderful break, and the boredom we will receive!!yay! up to 205 friends on facebook (and counting) already! never knew i had so many friends..best......night......EVER!!!!!!woot! 301 friends and counting!!I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!! THEY USED BEETHOVEN'S PATHETIQUE NO. 1 ON ATT NEW COMMERCIAL!!!! THIS IS LIKE INSANE!!on my way to new york!!had a GREAT time at the South Florida Fair!! Especially with Deven!one month!!i need formspring questions people!!Happy//Sad//Boring Valentine's Day everyone!The Greaser is coming back......
Just got back from having a great time in Orkney :-)away to work, hope it aint to hot xdown in aberdeen da noo seeing my oldest then ireland on monday Yeah!!!!!!!had a great night out at blues festival! hopefully i wont leave it a year again for my next night out.been for a nice long walk, feeling gooood!just home fa night shift, am away to bed. hgave a good day xoff to work hope you all have a good day and if its not then turn it around loves xxxxaway to work, still dina feel right but never mind.Hope you all ahve a wicked weekend loves xHope your all having a great weekend xxbloody macs do my head in!!!!Is no feeling to good, had to come home fa work :-(I cant get to sleep!!!!Happy Christmas to you all loves and hugs sent your way xxGot a job interview the morn and didna find out about it till the day!! oh well less time to stress about it :-)Everywhere and messy!I didnt get the job!!!! nerves got the better of me. Am doing the job I applied for and still got that so all good. Will just have to learn from this how to be better at interviews. Still love my job :-)hope you all have a great weekend xis getting trampled by cats!wish this wind would piss off, am sure my house is shaking!!Ladies, your red, black,pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and nude bra colors made the news tonight. Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the *PROPNAME* foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer. Way to go! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Colour Game! YIPEEEDOOOODAThanx for all the birthday wishes, Been working all day. but all good xx9 inches :-)Its sooooo cold out there!!!!!BlackHope you are all having a great weekend, am working but all good :-)what have they done to FB?????Still feel like shiteHope ya all have a Great weekend. xxx
<3 scotch tastinggolfing! fore!bruno anyone?<3 boarding at the beach :)!Kitten Mitten!Hot pot!
Seminar went well, Kateri and I have the marks to prove it. Now food, tomorrow, house viewing. Next week, knives or swords.is back at work on a friday night because my boss believes himself to be an IT guy and not an attorney and broke a server.is beating people down in radford virginia this weekend. Be back monday. ^_^@otakon. Be back in the real world at some point in the far far future.is getting to old to party hop. Woo that was a lot of tequila.says it's almost time for otakon.thinks he may have created a new unit of monetary measure. the "Kilopeanut//Kilopeanuts" kp//kps for short. Use: derogatory. example: the job pays 35kps.does anyone know a Server2008//Exchange2007//BES sysadmin looking for a job in the philadelphia area?*PROPNAME* was going to teach me to levitate, but *PROPNAME* shot him with a Marshmellow gun.wants it to be 5 already, seeing houses tonight.is off to otakon once i get out of work.has a new job. +8k gold and better healing potions.we got the house!just performed surgery on a lizard(Green Anole now named Tropical thunder), we bought from the pet store last night cause he looked near death. He's doing well now, I think his leg is better, it's all about preventing complications//infections now. Pictures later. Time to go to *PROPNAME*'s Bdat picnic.in heeding the words of wise ninja master over a beer, *PROPNAME* has created a program of self-defense for the complete n00b who has 17 left feet. Tonight, I shall see if anyone shows up to learn it.The lizard known as The Tropical Thunder, passed on monday night. He perked up after the leg fix, but he was already too far gone from neglect at the pet store.Looks like japan is drinking the Change kool-aid.is stuck at work this fine saturday afternoon.is going to get gothed up and head to Dracula's Ball. Project Pitchfork and Carfax Abbey tonight.Thank Cthulhu It's frida's day. wilmington, de in the morning and then back to philly.weeeeeee transformer explosions.just saw a really nice house, we'll be putting a bid in asap.scored about 65k in bejeweled blitz in one second. That was nice.Offer accepted on house, Woo. Currently Making Angel Food Cake with Choc//hazelnut frosting for *PROPNAME*'s Bday picnic. Also, We bought a lizard with a bad leg to see if we could fix him any better than the pet store. Poor guy.is now a home owner. move in is saturday. we spent last night scrubbing the place.is preparing for his first real vacation in over a decade where I can just sit there for a week on purpose.ATIT! (Almost there! It's Thursday!) Reaching? Why yes I am.Took a long time to come up with a costume, but has decided to be the mad scientist from Half Life, crowbar included.(Rap performed by *PROPNAME*) Darkness falls across the land The midnite hour is close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize y'awl's neighborhood And whosoever shall be found Without the soul for getting down Must stand and face the hounds of hell (continued below)is tired of being sick. Death to all swine.(continued from above) And rot inside a corpse's shell The foulest stench is in the air The funk of forty thousand years And grizzly ghouls from every tomb Are closing in to seal your doom And though you fight to stay alive Your body starts to shiver For no mere mortal can resist The evil of the thriller (Into maniacal laugh, in deep echo)http:////www.cracked.com//blog//how-to-write-erotic-fiction//will be hosting *PROPNAME* for a Seminar in January! Woo!is preparing for the move, settlement tuesday.has made some downright amazing scallop chowder.Ninja landscaping for the win.TCIF!it's Alive! No more flu & at work.GDIM!Thinks whoever decided to schedule a massive apartment building fire next door to our new home at this time of day(5isham) was terribly inconsiderate, no fires until at least breakfast. Off to hose the outside of the house after being up until 2am mortaring the downstairs.has the flu. i was so uninclined to move that I actually watched a football game. I made due by pondering the mechanics of impact, timing and footwork in play by play cases. Also created an under 5 yard endzone score for which there is no defense, I call it the the crane technique.OSIT!now has lens flare, Thanks *PROPNAME*.needs to get a nifty book, a language version and a development environment that actually work together. I've got this Book on Python for Hacking//reverse engineering, but it's for 2.5, which is a not compatible old standard(current is 3+) and for an older version of Eclipse, which has also had a massive change in the current version and this book was published in 2009.would like to thank everyone for the Birthday wishes. It was a very tame, but very nice birthday. also, I'd like to recommend Ninja Assassin, everything that is good about ninja with excellent choreography.yay halloween party. I have my crazy hair, lab coat & crowbar. That and my crazy jello molds and I'm all set. (pictures later.)has smashed his living room to bits. 19 large bags of debris so far.Pre-Birthday Happy Hour, Tonight, O'sheas, 5:30ish to whenever. I realize it's late notice, come if you can manage.Raid Data Recovered completely from swapped pair that was unrecognized by nas after NAS flipped out and wiped itself 100 times. 400Gb data now safe.approves of his raise.Thinks this is awesome. http:////www.alternative-energy-news.info//ultra-lightweight-bendable-batteries//anyone ever rebuild a raid array before and have tips? I've got two drives of a raid 1+0 (one from each pair i think), that need to have data recovered. Trying different recovery software at the moment (ufs recovery atm), but happy to have any advice.has emptied his closets and clothes box from the move and is completely reorganizing everything, it looks like a clothes bomb went off in his bedroom.Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. Oh what fun it is to die in many horrible ways. Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. hey. May you all be touched by his noodly appendage during these holy days.is getting tired of long long nights on salary.Happy New Years!Holy poop on a stick, that was a long day.Octarine!just saw the season finale of dexter. Holy shit.would appreciate if his intestines would agree to parley and come to an amicable arrangment with his stomach. They've had a war going for a few weeks now.weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 2010! Welcome to the future!is going to check our floors for the living room today and then maybe to a gentlemanly game night."How about a nice game of strip Global thermonuclear war?"stomach versus intestines, round 674.Holy shit, we're buried in under Lots of snow! No escape..... argh... the snow.. Oh god. a transformer just exploded..Thank Cthulhu it's friday!Happy New Years!watched and heard 4" thick branchs near the top of one the Pine trees in my backyard snapping under snow weight and taking branches with it. I saw that, said oh crap, let's go have a look, ran out, look up, realized I was under the remainder and said oh crap, let's go back in. It's Ragnarok! Prepare for the end!
Your grace is more than enough. Re-prioritization in progress.stepped down from the last stage. But I won't say goodbye. Well done, *PROPNAME*:)free styleloves his Ginosko ppl.Losing trust on all those facebook quizzes. Just look on my wall. LOLwhere r u God?is planning on trying ???? starting this weekonce was lost but now am found. Repenting my absurd arrogance.Merry CHRISTmas! Much blessings and love~~~is having a busy day at work on the day he shouldn't even be working!Walking away, with blessings behind.The best day is ALWAYS today!
is enjoying the cricket...comfy boxers and rainy weather...is it too soon for a beer?can't believe that her son walked up to the Christmas tree stating 'J'. I was a little confused until he took a candy cane off the tree and proceeded to turn it upside down :-Dgot home from shopping all evening (*PROPNAME* and kids in tow) and then wrapped presents all night...and it still isnt finished...*yawn*- so, this morning *PROPNAME* gets up to play and he goes over to the carpet where the light was shining through the blinds casting shadows...he then proceeds to tell me the different letters the sun is making on the carpet... 'I', 'T' and 'L' to be exact! He then somehow figured out how to cast his shadow over the sun to make the letters change & disappear! At this rate, he will be smarter than me before he goes to school!needs beer...actually, any kind of alcohol will do...is sick of being sick!is enjoying the cricket but has no fingernails left.would like the rain back!had a great day yesterday thanks to aunties babysitting :0)I did the Macarena with a pickle at the dinner table because the voices told me to.So...*PROPNAME* can now count backwards from 10 :-)So...apparently, according to urban dictionary...A women named *PROPNAME* is typically very beautiful with an incredible body and nice eyes. They are known to be very loveable. *PROPNAME* are envied by other women...haha...I wish!
About mornings and winter,and magic.little things give you away.
extends special thanks to *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*! Now on to the literature review ...
has been asked by several friends about our trip plans. We fly nonstop from Charlotte to Frankfurt. Then we travel by train, Heidelberg, Wiesbaden, Mainz, Munich, castles, Zugspitze, Rothenburg, back to Frankfurt and fly home.is home from Germany, had a good time ... tiredstarting to prepare for Summer Camp.is off to Scout Camp (Old Indian in SC) for a weekis packing for Germanyis taken *PROPNAME* (our youngest) off to Appalachian State today to start his freshman year. *PROPNAME* isn't going, she just can't do it.best wishes to everyone going back to school todayis heading off to the National Order of the Arrow Conferenceis heading homeappreciates all the kind birthday wishes, via facebook and various other forms of communication. Thanks!is teaching Troop Leadership Training today.is thrilled that his son *PROPNAME* and wife *PROPNAME* are expecting!wishes everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving. I get to make the stuffing and turkey, *PROPNAME* gets the other stuff.Merry Christmas everyone!wishes everyone a Happy New Year!is heading to San Antonio for the weekendWhy does facebook think I live in Atlanta? Something is wrong with the targeted ads. It is comforting to know, however, that I could still become a police officer or save 83% on my insurance.wishes the Boy Scouts of America a very Happy 100th Birthday today!
"In my days, we played soccer in the minefield."wants rime with lumlearned Booze + high heels = Bad ideaAnyone gonna be around Chicago in mid September?is slightly going mad...says ..but everyone does it!is making facebook better :D (no, not by leaving)Need.. more.. motivations.... motivate me motivate me... rawrhas absolutely nothing to say.Quick survey: When is the last time you used poke? this week, This month, Don't remember.All see's became Spy's in my pirate profile yarr12345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890Merry Christmas!and I am 21 agaiiiiinnnnn~Happy new year everyone from the other side of the earth for real now!10 inches of snow within 4 hours. whoa!what happened to my 2009? where the heck did it go?understoood how it feels when you are rearranging seats in Titaniccoming around to Newark 2//15 and planning to be around NYC for the following weekend. Anyone? Anyone?Happy new year :D
Happy Summer Solstice to all!"The creature took the form of a lovely maiden with the idea of bewitching us with her many charms, in the hope that she might get our fish."has sacked the hallowed heights of Ilion.Tentatively has a new// old job.The Iliad: 59 pages in, and I finally finished the translator's introduction to the work. Progress!Goodbye *PROPNAME*. :("Today you courted beauty and a thousand fishes rained at your feet. How do you feel?"Homeric epic number two!//machetemachetemachetewants 1000 points so she can win a real tank. Damn, that's a good movie."There's so much that I have to learn, I hope it won't be hard, and I hope it will be snowing on the day they make me tzar!"wants to be an emergentist!was digging in the dirt today, and earned her supper.In conclusion, both of my roommates check facebook more frequently than I.got some blisters in the garden today.Aah, the novelty of clipping coupons.danced on the grass while musicians on the roof serenaded the night.has no name and is part of the kollective.Hello, world!was surprised and pleased to meet *PROPNAME*'s freshman roommate in the bookstore.Hooray for Friday!Huh, chestnuts look eerily like brains...was disturbed to come to the realization that the Dao is the Game. Life is cruel.Thank you for the kind sentiments, all!"Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits."did not expect to end up on a campus tour. Huh.seems to have acquired a mad swank bike.off for the weekend!can't decide if she's using laundry to avoid doing homework or homework to avoid doing laundry.Welcome to Portland!Happy Fall Equinox!unfortunately, folk songs in the autumn grass will always trump paper writing. Back to work for me!is climbing a tree in search of a fish.striding forth, undaunted, unafraid, toward the uttermost frontier of thought where wisdom lures me on. O pioneer!had not realized the degree to which packing boxes is like putting together a puzzle in 3-D. Now it's much more fun!owned her bio test, now off to read *PROPNAME* in a tree somewhere.has been wild a-rumpusing! Happy fall break to all.playing guitar and howling at the moon."You coud tell by our soft feet that we were strangers in the land.""May we suggest giving away what you don't use or need to someone who will worship it by utilizing its potential? If there are things you need, ask your friends first before you add your dollars to the bonfire of consumerism." -- Best.Cookbook.Ever.Thinking about digging out the firepit for a post New Year's bonfire. Will folks be around// interested in putting together some sort of shindig?+4 modifier to cuddle puddle optimization. Yay!is having trouble making sense of her coursework: "Three feet of new powder on a stable base has made the tree skiing orgasmic." Er...."Soy Nog." Lolwut.40° weather the day I leave for Oregon? Maine, you are a fickle mistress.got lost and bought a plant!dear gods, respiratory arrest.learning all about self-liberation. Hooray!
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh? C'thulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!gi gutom ko dah,.i'm hungry na,.history of psychology,.weee. kita a ko ug ma ojthan. :Dwahhhh,. di na ko. hurot na jud ako kwarta aning AI. huhuhuannotated indexes,.Deadtime Stories.asa man nako ma kit.an ang malleus maleficarum?Readings Galore. :DOnce uppon a nightmare. :DPewter City Gym Rocks! (with grund type pokemon)not in the mood to do anything, pwede ra ko mu stay in a corner?di na nako ma kaya. labad na kaayu akong ulo.hahayz,. nag huwat sa reply. T_Tstill hoping wla mi class. :Ploser mode. hahahakapoy na,. T_Thapit ko naligsan sa truck, usa ka dako nga truck, hapit ko naligsan sa dako nga truck sa CNU. hahaha :Ptake care of yourself oi,. :Dthe internet is soooooo slow. pirmi ko ma dc.Pewter City Gym Rocks! (with grund type pokemon) hahaha. para nalang jud di ko mka huna2 ug di maayu nga butang.wla na koi kwartais making his report.i'm going off the grid sa. kapoy na ko.really needs comfort food...wed,.Guitar Hero linaw. :Dlingaw ako report sa 109. yey :pbahala na. wla jud ko sure kung ma.o ba ni ako report. :(hold you in my arm, just want to hold you in my arms.¿?q ???? ??,?M ??? s???? ?sn???q ??? ?O pu???? ?? ??,no? ?sn???q ????S I p?no?S? ka jemma. nag emote2 sa ulan.hungry, and need to make annotated indexes again. :cconfusedwla man siya narparamdam. ka mingaw sa cell. :ci'm still sad. :ckushala daora nasd.i'm wasted. :Cgi gutom ko.kapoyhumana ang class for the day. AI nasd ang himu.on.na.a na jud koi beta key! salamat hans. :D *PROPNAME*eating a 3 day old burger,. yes ingana na jud ko ka desperado. GUTOM. P.S. Maynta di ma da.ot ako tiyan ani. :Pno more uhmmms for me. :CAIs all over againThey say loving you gives pains and full of sacrifices But I'll rather take pains and lots of sacrifices than not to be love by you.Statistics show that people who have the most live the longest!done na jud sa ppt. histo psyc nasd.Ai count 15... 17 more to go.Statistics show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest!will play company of heroes. : )"Banana cures your hangover. Hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. Bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects."cige go,. hehehe uie *PROPNAME* , european film festival sa ayala, maybe na.ai psyc related movies you could let your students watch. libre siya, first come first serve seating. :D"Banana cures your hangover. Hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. Bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects... Banana... bow"While slogging along in the swamp, Dragonianus came upon a strange looking patch of wet sand. Dragonianus made a Wisdom check with a difficulty of 9 . . . and rolled 16 Recognizing it immediately as quicksand, Dragonianus decided to take an alternate route. It meant more walking but a lot less dying.just finished counseling report! :P 23 AI's to go. hahaha18 more. another one downshot one down. 19 more to go.*PROPNAME* and Sushi. :Dcarpe diem. :ci relly thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sighhold you in my arms. I just wanted to hold you in my arms. *PROPNAME*. :Pmy first epic fail. :Pjust tried kimchi and suchi! :DI am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c Quote: I wish I was a kid again, because skinned knees are easier to fix then broken hearts.nakakuha na jud ko ug beta key! salamat *PROPNAME*. :Dhumana jud ko sa annotated. :Dnag ulan nasd, So long, my luckless romance.For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, "It might have been" :cFor all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, "It might have been""agay!" dugay na kaayu ko wla ka ingon ana nga word.there are battles you fight is silence because you know that speaking up, saying something or doing something. . will probably make you lose...I am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :cSuddenly i am struck with a deep sadness. i dont understend... :csuper mingaw kaayu. :c since i have a lot of free time in my hands right now i'm plannin something nice for next year. well i hope (enter name here) finds it nice... heres to hoping. :csomethings not right...i really thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sighi may not understand you fully but i learn something new about you everyday. thats all that matters. :Din your face AI's,. humana jud tanan. hahahani abot na jud sa point nga i'm actually dreaming about missing her. hahaha lol kaayudili ko emo. gi mingaw ra ko nimo so mag drama2 ko. wla kai ma hemz kai kahibaw ko busy ka... *bowlove looks not with the eyes, but with the mind , and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.its hard to enjoy with other people when you know theres only one person you need to enjoy everything, its harder when that person wants to enjoy everything with someone else. :cbored,. nag sayang2 nalang ko ug kwarta para lang na.ai mabuhat.lingaw nga day. :Pyesterday was not a very good day.Que blesse la chair purifie l'âme, ce que blesse l'âme fortifie la résolution.ug sa dihang wla na koi duty for 3 days. hahaha ma.o na nah akong christmas break.(*gabi.e) lighting of the giant christmas tree, fireworks, dinner. = fun :) may the circumstances repeat itself again,. :Dthe internet, she is verry lag today. :(Lets align timeframes in view of a merger with mutual cross linking benefits.alone... :cThe deepest principle of human nature is the craving to be appreciated... the flaming urge for the feeling of importance.good night. I hope tomorrow will be better. :chumana ang midterms, AI's nasd. hahaha"Every treachery, great or small, begets a spirit that rages at the injustice. Given the opportunity, each will return that treachery to its owner tenfold."Car je étant pauvre ai seulement mes rêves. Je place mes rêves sur vos pieds, marche doucement pour vous marchent sur mes rêves.Le principe le plus profond de nature humaine est le désir ardent à être apprécié... Le besoin flambant pour un sentiment d'importance.Please pray for *PROPNAME* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). She had an accident and she has blood-clot. She is currently undergoing operation at Cebu Doc Hosp. Thank you. [-from a reliable source.]Please pray for *PROPNAME* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). She had an accident and she has blood-clot. She is currently undergoing operation at Cebu Doc Hosp. Thank you."I believe in fantasies invisible to me In the land of misery I'm searchin' for the sign To the door of mystery and dignity I'm wandering down, And searchin' down the Secret Sun..."gonna give her a back scratcher for valentines. get well soon mum.
Needs to get the internet at homeWhy did the dog have to eat the most expensive jacket I haveDoesn't like getting off work to see his car encased in 1//2 an inch of ice.Likes to dance in skirts
Happy Anniversary to me and the hubby! <3 3 years married today - can't you tell by the humidity? lolhaving some me time for the 1st time in a long long time!"just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming..." - *PROPNAME*- Finding Nemo -It's stuck in my head forever or until we're out of this phase! lol"The seaweed is always greener in somebody else's lake..."packing... cleaning... and wiping the little nose...Have a great week everyone! See you next week when we return from our family fun! <3packing... can't wait for one last blast of summer! <3 Turks and Caicoscroup - let the nighttime fun begin...nebulizer was not fun tonight....... :(all the laundry is done... ahhhhhhhhh.... lolI still don't get what twitter even is... I'm officially out of touch or something like that...an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind...Boo at the Zoo and trick or treating 2009 were awesome!editing the personal statement for graduate school...NYU Graduate application just about complete!Let's go Yankeeeesss!rain drops keep falling on my head...Happy Halloween!be it ever so humble... I love my own bed! <3Writing a personal statement for graduate school...*PROPNAME* grams made in Mexico are you serious Kraft?*PROPNAME* has been golfing in the living room since 12:30 this afternoon! lol This wii is crazy....Excited my holiday shopping is done! But, more excited about my nephews first holiday show is tonight! <3 <3 <3*PROPNAME* loves sweet potatoes and vanilla ice cream best! lol how 'bout you?cleaning, laundry, baking cookies... listening to christmas music...Loving *PROPNAME*'s first real snow day with the family!happy new year! night night! I have to work in 7 hours! <3so excited I can french braid *PROPNAME*'s hair now! lolloving the air conditioning right now almost as much as my brother *PROPNAME*! lolcan't believe the ending of this past season DEXTER!Nothing like the quiet peacefulness of watching my sleeping baby...up so early so much to do...Merry Christmas everyone!JF: You making pancakes *PROPNAME*? Me: Of course. JF: Any of the coffee left? Me: Sure. You want anything in it? JF: No, black like my soul. Me: No sugar? JF: Are you kidding? I'm sweet enough... And that's how it was for 26 years... <3 Semper Fi Uncle *PROPNAME*Today its time to clean this place and get the laundry done...missing the hubby out on boys night out <3 lolFeeling better today, but 2010 is kicking my bootie! What a depressing two weeks...Happy Birthday to my lover boy! You are the best! <3snowed in...I can't get my pictures to rotate properly - lol - but Happy Valentine's Day to all! *PROPNAME* and I have been together since 2002 and were married in 2006 <3We had so much fun at *PROPNAME*'s 4th Birthday party! <3Happy valentine's Day!!!!It would be so nice if that dog didn't bark every night!
I drilled a hole into my finger.. how do you even do this!?Donkeys... idk why, they just popped into my head! (he says whilst looking at the Donkey game he was ment to send to his World Vision Kid) woops.Just sneezed twice... now im all sneezed out. :)FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head. When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!Brain wakes me up at 5am again. Alarm is set for 6.30am. WHY!?!? then at about 6am, i fall asleep again, and wake up at 6.28am... REDBULL!Is home now! and ready to sleep! :P not all! sleep well!felt like falling asleep in the hotpool. im so BLAH! oh well, i'll sleep when i have the time!My computer keeps flashing me. LIKE ACTUALLY!Merry Christmas *PROPNAME* the Christmas tree, TAKE A SORE BACK! i decided to sort through my junk, (all the stuff down stairs that i moved recently) so my belongings. and i went to get something! BANG! curl in a ball and cry yourself to sleep. lol! YAY! now im gonna eat some chocolate! ;) TAKECARE ALL!Donuts.Welcome to being on call. you now have 3 jobs and counting.I think i have to institutionalise one of my friends, not point any fingures at karl.....How messy my room is again.. i love searching for random thngs.. and how nice bed is looking right now! Ninite all, hope you had great dreams and better sleeps!4 jobs.
just took my little babies out of the museum. :~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~has her first meeting with the *PROPNAME* Automation Team today. Are they going to haze me?sure had fun last night :Dis happy to be home again. Just in time for the hava gorgo mishe.is hotly waiting the MJ zombie comeback.is looking at the man in the mirror.Achievement Unlocked: Death Wishdoesnt think you're beatiful she thinks you're beyond it.is ohhhhh.is enjoying this incredibly beautiful sky.wants a Mojito.hopes to play Surrealist Games with you tonight. Moustache required.is trying to get out of Beta too.loves friends that help clean up the party. And has pretty great friends in general.is excited for her first Independence Day //*PROPNAME* style//.just went to her first Phish show! It was great fun, though I'm not sure who spread the rumor that it's ok to use glowstick goo as body paint.is a standard packet.is happy she finally got off the Google Voice waitlist //and// got the best phone number in the history of the world.was A's, is now Z's."Do you do the air glock or air shotgun when you hear that song? I do the air glock— that's just my style." 105.3 DJ at the end of MIA's Paper Planesloves her new *PROPNAME* haircut, even though the bangs were sticking straight up into the air this morning.listening to *PROPNAME* (I'm guessing?) being very very wonderful on NPR.has another show maybe! With *PROPNAME* maybe!!!is about to enjoy the hell out of this day.s katamari is mostly tools, gears, clamps.got a literal ant in her pants!!!!!!!!!!!! (It bit her omg?!?!?!!)almost killed herself with a kettlebell!finds it funny to fit her whole life in such little, little boxes. Is 'funny' the right word?oh, Canada!has, for two years, tried to open her apartment door with her studio key every single night. Today she actually tried with the remote car key. A first!wonders if the electric eel would make a good spirit animal.sudo rebootis heading home for some sensory deprivation (and *PROPNAME*'s? anyone?)"well you have a 1//d integral too, but you want to integrate across the entire prostate!"saw so much magic last night.is feeling Shady.loves workouts that involve kicking and punching the best.is rebooting in Safe Mode.one more robot learns to be something more than a machine.is prototyping gantries for butt-robots (mostly out of Lego).is curing cancer with an egg-laying butt-robot, one prostate at a time.is gonna miss *PROPNAME*'s Illin' With the Will-Man until its Fall comeback.is seeing *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*! :Dis wearing paint-free jeans (& gives them a day at best).scratch *PROPNAME*, replace with *PROPNAME*. Divine.loves America.is getting down with the OPD.is taking the trouble to blow her bubbles away.adores this week of seeing all her super talented musician friends play! You all impress the hell out of me.is playing Xbox and Legos alone... unless there are any humans around that want to play with me???keeps failing *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* (Expert)!!!!!!! >:0just got fog roll'd.is finally making art again.just got scolded for reckless soldering. My bad KG!just built a totally awesome interactive Cyborg Trinity map. <3 GMaps API <3couldn't find wire strippers so is just using shop scissors. BAM.is ready for dancing!hears some sort of kitten meowing from 35,000ft and getting closer.....can forget that even small things leave a big wake.had to run down the street with two bungee ropes across her hips, towing her trainer as he sang "This Land Is My Land".FLEW A KITE WITH HER FEET TODAY AND IT WAS 100% AWESOME.loves driving on 1.can't wait to meet the tiny new *PROPNAME*! Happy 0th!!is having the loveliest last week//end with all you lovely lovely people.looking forward to LADIEZ NIGHT at Smitty's :Dran back for her laptop when the firebell went off in Etcheverry. For shame!needs help. Is my artist name "*PROPNAME*" or "*PROPNAME*"?knows there are meteors behind those clouds.is in her studio for the last time.just heard 'In the Hall of the Mountain King' on the radio. Then 'Cold As Ice'. Ah, it's like being home with my family.is wandering around San Francisco in the rain <3is totally *PROPNAME* circa 1962.needs to know guys, seriously, what to do with this squid.loved San Francisco a little extra from the back of a Ducati.placed her first order (Chumby guts) to a shipping zip of 10014. Going to celebrate with Bibimbop and some Korean beer.is feeling 23 ways at once. But mostly ready for a party.just took the loveliest walk.had her purse stolen last night and is back to phonelessness. Dammit!alligators twice, solders once.was assumed to be one of the other artist's assistants... but found a cozy little spot for the hygros on the killing floor.is lucky to have friends like *PROPNAME* around to point out that a glass desk will lead to serious laser mouse frustration.is hangin' with *PROPNAME*.is deliriously happy from this week of reunions.is a cube!has tried hot glue, electrical tape, cigarette filters and zip ties to collar this stepper motor for a superlight turnbuckle. What gives?! Any suggestions?doesn't know what she would do without the Comptons. Or how she got so lucky to have them as friends. <3!"You're like a disheveled doll. You know when you give a doll a hairdo, then it's never quite the same after? That's what your hair looks like." -LHdon't let Jesus push on her table leg.is finally happily making art in her apartment. Just had a delivery guy come in, look around quietly then say, "Can I ask what is going on in here?"is hiding out.loves a 23rd.KLo ftw!"oh hi i am laura 3.0, i live in new york and wear a sweater cape" -JJCseeks goldfish companion.is 11:11, 11//11.will be at ArtZone 461 in San Francisco, Jan 9 - Feb 7. The Seduction of Duchamp 2: *PROPNAME*'s Revenge!anyone (ahem Dermot O'Deady, *PROPNAME*) want to Rock Band 2nite? Hollatcha girl."when i become secretary of state, ill recommend you to the president for something cushy, like chief of mission to the duchy of luxembourg. or, if you piss me off between now and then, you're getting somalia" -MHis still reeling from Blue Hill at Stone Barns last night. Unreal.always provided that ‘this testemonye of joy be careful done without any danger or disorder'.dreamt about Nonja all night.oh, *PROPNAME*! You make a robomama proud! From *PROPNAME*'s article: "Ultimately, our empathy towards *PROPNAME* (ascribing human-like traits to her actions and form) is what makes her teaching so successful. Without anthropomorphizing her, viewers would have minimal desire to explore the perception of a robot. Yet...OMG! The first baby of my generation in the Clan has been born!! Congrats to *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*!!!!! <3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!had a ridiculously fun reunion with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, and is heading over to see the *PROPNAME* before catching a plane home! See you tonight, America!!!misses you, DFL.just saw *PROPNAME* get tired & redock himself and is having MAJOR HEART MELT :~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~has seen him twice, so it's official. *PROPNAME* lives in this building. Any bets on how long it takes me to get on the Robot//Bear Talk Show?it just started snowing at exactly 13:37.is making internets!just went upstairs to find *PROPNAME* reading icanhascheezburger. Success!is back to her old life in the new world.spilled the beans about the squid corpse in her freezer during the robotics team meeting today.mended a giant American flag today and it felt Good.looks forward to seeing your beautiful (moustachioed) faces tonight: Artzone 461 -> 500 Club -> ???, !!!Internet on a BART?? Unheard of!found the Wikipedia article on Common Sense vandalized; her epistemic foundation is cracked.finally has 666 devilish friends. Now what to do with them all?"You have your fear, which might become reality, and you have Godzilla, which _is_ reality." -*PROPNAME*is going to give herself a massive, robot-induced coronary before the day is through.Happy National Penguin Awareness Day! (I may be international at the moment, but at least this city is appropriately desaturated.)From the "my family is ridiculously awesome" department, my sister leaves for Haiti today. *PROPNAME*!!!! Be careful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also, tell *PROPNAME* I say hi.is (??? ) ???~.finally has snow of her own <3.
has started reading confessions of a shopaholic.....i do exactly the same!!!has gone over to the dark side..results are out early! can't look :oS
Whoa, an A in 11 AP English... well, I'm content now.R.I.P., *PROPNAME*. Maybe people will be less cruel to you where you are now.JUST MADE Civic Jazz Orchestra!!!"His cheeks and eyes burned from the cold."Holy crap, *PROPNAME* is really, really good.I'm out from tomorrow 'til Friday.RIP *PROPNAME*. The world owes you a great debt for everything you've done for music.off to St. Louis. Back on Friday.is about to play at the Detroit International Jazz Festival on the same stage as *PROPNAME*. No pressure, though."We would shout and swim about// The coral that lies beneath the waves.// Oh what joy for every girl and boy// Knowing they're happy and they're safe!// We would be so happy, you and me,// No one there to tell us what to do.// I'd like to be under the sea// In an octopus' garden with you." - In Memoriam Requiescat, Pater: August 16, 1962 - April 8, 2006.is an INTJ. Horray for a lack of social skills!Steamroll the Irish, Wolverines.As always, Geh Blau!At last! House...just visited Wash. U. in St. Louis, and is VERY impressed."Did someone just page the King of AWESOME?"C'mon, Michigan!is off - again! - looking at colleges, but this time, out east. Brown//Wesleyan//Yale//Rochester impressions when I get back, if you want them.B-but... impossible... the Lions can't WIN, can they?"Every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time... Plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines..."...Where did fall go?"Heaven send hell away No one sings like you do anymore."
work 9-3 then going to see Pirate Radio with *PROPNAME*!going my brothers paper route again, french class, work 3:30 to close and then home where I plan to collapse.so sleepy and cold, class til 7:30 and then to *PROPNAME*'s for the nightThank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!work 9-3:30 then getting my nails done and possibly my hairat school til 7:30 then home where I will hopefully get to watch ANTM from last nightschool until 7:30 then home to see *PROPNAME*. Happy Anniversary!Je deteste le francais.I do not enjoy being awake early. School and then work.work 9 to 3:30 then errands, then the movies with Alex.I'm eating a bagel. Does anyone care? Probably not. School until 7:30My God, I just got so much homework done. I should not have class everday.Work 9-2 then going to see Where the Wild Things Are with *PROPNAME* :)research, homework, french class, work, *PROPNAME*the spaces between my fingers are where yours fit perfectly :) School til 7:30work 9-closeresearch, school until 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s houseResearch meeting, french, and then work 3:30 to close, alone with Becky. :(Research and work 3:30 to closeboo for no halloween partieswork 9:30 to close. Happy Halloween!In the lab finishing up my human sexuality paper (hopefully), then french class at 12:50 and then work 3:30 to close.Reasearch, French class, work and then finally *PROPNAME*un examen francais and then work 3:30 to close and then studying for my quiz tomorrow.Signed up for winter classes. I only have two psych classes and directed research study. Next semester is going to be great!I have to write a six page peper on women's pornography use, then class from 4:00 til 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house for the night.today is my day off! Going to *PROPNAME*'s to sort is comics and then maybe see A Cristmas CarolFrench class and then work. Bad, bad day.School til 7:30 then home to see *PROPNAME*cognitive psych test and then alex's for the nightMaking baked apples with a cocoa butter filling and creme angliase. Hopefully they're good.off to find food somewhere on campushomework and room cleaning then watching lord of the rings with *PROPNAME*Research, tea at Freer house, colloquia lecture, three classes and then finally to *PROPNAME*'s for the night. The only thing making this day better is that I get free food.Research at 12 and then classes after til 7:30 and then finally *PROPNAME*'s house for the night!I have to be back to work in less than twelve hoursonly one more class and then it's the weekend!work 9 to closeHome! Time to clean up and decorate the christmas tree.*PROPNAME*'s?doing my brothers paper routes, then french class, then work, then finally homeWorking 11-close then going to the movies with *PROPNAME*, either to see The Men Who Stare at Goats or Christmas Carolbad mood. I'm going to punch someone in the face.Working in the lab, french oral exam, and then going to TAc becuase they're still charging me even though my membership should have ended in October.it's 6:30 and I already want to go to sleep.Going to my meme's to decorate her Christmas tree, then hanging out with *PROPNAME*. Maybe making some cookies tonight?working 10-close and then maybe the movies again?research, psych quiz, homework, cog psych, and then *PROPNAME*'s for the night.Work 11-close and then going to see New Moon with *PROPNAME*! I can't wait!research, poster day, french class (je deteste), work 3:30 to close, then finally home. Long day today.out for the night i guessOne final down, two to go :)research, un examen francais, work, and then home for the night.this is just not my weekresearch meeting, school until 7:30, then *PROPNAME*'s house.work 10 to closeTwo finals today then over to *PROPNAME*'s for the night.Guess whose place of work got broken into last night? That's right, mine.Christmas tea with the females of my mom's family, then home to bake cookies. Maybe out later.Research meeting and then home to study for finals. *PROPNAME*'s house later.French 12:50 to 2:40 and then work 3:30 to close. I seriously wish I could just skip all of it.Happy Thanksgiving!!!Research, decorating Christmas cookies, work 4-close and then *PROPNAME*'s for the night.Research, french class, and then possibly work? I don't know, no one told me!baking pies and cleaning the house before going to a *PROPNAME* family Christmas party!So many cookies hahaRunning some errands maybe, cleaning my room and then playing band heroResearch and then french class with awesome taped together glasses. Woo.Going back to sleep!studying for my french oral exam (hopefully my partner shows up), research, class til 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house for the night.I can't get into farmville :(golf and alcohol don't mix and that's why I don't drink and drive- work 3:30 to close and then the movies with *PROPNAME*Research, classes til 7:30 and the to *PROPNAME*'s house to watch So You Think You Can Dance and Chopped.mac and cheeeeesesleepy timestudying and then work 3:30 to closework 10-close and then home becuase I'm going to smell from the 450 pieces of bacon we have to make :(I have to run errands but it's cold outside so I really don't want to.work from 10 to 10work 10-8 and then *PROPNAME*'x for the nightCleaning the house and getting a haircut. *PROPNAME*'s over later for Christmas Eve.Merry Christmas!!!work from 11:30 to 10. Long day.Research, bank, homeclass, research, class, homegoing to see Crazy Heart ad go out to dinner in Royal Oakvolunteering and then lab time and then running errands.Research and more research and then work 3:30 to 11:00 where I will probably work on more researchwaiting for *PROPNAME* to get out of school. I should probably do something productive with my time.school til 5-ish then home to work on some homeworkis a female who has the body of a goddess and the brain of a genius. Men are drawn to her good looks and her awsome sense of humour. Out of all the females in the world its the Erins who rule. (urban dictionary)working out, Target, and the starting the immense amount of reading I have to do.colloquia with lunch, research stuff, and then home to clean my roomResearch and then work 4-closeSchool til five then home to do homework and relax.research and then work 3:30 til closePOTATOES!working 9:15 to close, then who knowsIt seems like everytime I get used to Facebook, they change everything around.
haha... too bad I don't know my own schedule... let's try work till 6:15 then something with the fiance :)work till seven, then something with the fiance... :)work till 7 and looking foward to spending time with the love of my life tonight and maybe even sharing a delicious meal of the new volcano nachos from taco bell. haha.is making an attempt to brief a few cases while waiting for *PROPNAME* to get off work so she can talk to him... I think I'm actually going to like law school, but I wish my love could be here with me! I miss him :(little more reading, chatting with my love, then sleep... :)Finishing up packing, then heading to Richmond.Only two more days at home, then off to Richmond on Tuesday. Where did the time go!?had a great day... working on piddly stuff... shower... waiting to talk to *PROPNAME*. :)thinks it's wild that after all this time she still misses *PROPNAME* like crazy just for the two of them to go to work! What am I gonna do when I leave for school!?! ahhh..hunting license = $18, case of shells = $21, getting to hunt opening day of dove season with my love = priceless. Awesome weekend, miss my darlin' already. Now it's school work time...Surprise! Mama and Daddy are coming up and bringing some of my things! Good thing I got up early and managed to be very productive this morning. Now, getting ready and spending the afternoon getting partially moved into my apartment.briefing cases for property while I'm waiting for *PROPNAME* to get off :)work 12-7...long day of classes//library time... but.... *PROPNAME* is coming to see me tomorrow :) So everything is good.watching Valkyrie, then sleep.... glad derick is off for a while after tonight!waiting on my darlin' to get here. :)I love Comcast "On Demand" exercise videos! Just discovered them. I can be a hip hop dancing machine all alone right in my very own living room. Haha, embarassing.I couldn't focus and *PROPNAME* was really annoyingly antsy, so we decided to take a walk and we both feel much better. Now shower and memo-writing time...after a great weekend at home, I'm hitting the books for a while, then sleep...working on my memo... yuck..civ pro, property, and torts... my three fun new friends.... :)Twiddling my thumbs and waiting for the law library to open. Embarrassing.reading property and loving every minute :)Curled up on the couch watching movies with *PROPNAME* :)civ pro for Monday, then home for the weekend :)Finished my memo! Sleep time, then heading home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s wedding this weekend!!is ready to go home for fall break on Thursday...oh boy... a weekend filled with fun law school assignments.exciting about going home tomorrow for the weekend :)finally got an apartment!! Now, I must focus, focus, focus the next two days so I can spend most of the rest of my week with *PROPNAME*//getting my apartment straight!! Great to have something to look forward to making it easier to get motivated..clean apartment... clean puppy dog... now showerin' then fixin' spaghetti to have for lunch this week...is excited about going home today for fall break... :)me and *PROPNAME* miss *PROPNAME*....Oh happy day. It's so nice being at school and knowing *PROPNAME* (& *PROPNAME*) will be there when I get home. It just makes everything nicer!! :)is wishing her sister, *PROPNAME*, a Happy 19th birthday!!coffee, memo-writing//editing, and grey's//private practice...is putting together a breakfast casserole to bake for breakfast in the morning and waiting on *PROPNAME* to get here.. :)outlining property all day... *PROPNAME*'s coming to see me tonight so that's a great motivation to get my work done!!! :) Can't wait to see him!!!Lots to be happy about--- My standard 9:00-6:00//300 mins of class Monday at the law school is over, my apartment is totally unpacked, and *PROPNAME* is coming to visit!Like everyone else, my poor *PROPNAME* is sick... wish I was there to take care of him... :(just cut *PROPNAME* trying to give her a little trim... :( I'm taking it worse than she is... poor baby... Now *PROPNAME* and I are going to grab us a bite to eat, then I'm trapping him in my apartment cuz he's not allowed to leave tomorrow.*PROPNAME*'s gone home and I will be studying the next two days for a scary property midterm on Thursday that will be worse than going to the dentist----then I have a dentist appointment right afterward.... Basically I'm doing something I don't usually do and that is sulking and feeling really sorry for myself. BUT, home on Thursday after the exam//dentist appt.!!! :)is a sleepy girl... curling up in the bed with miss gigi to read a book, chatting with my love, and then sleeping as long as I want to. I love not having Friday classes.will hot chocolate make me feel better?had to go ahead and cook some chili after *PROPNAME* made it sound so good... Homework and crossing my fingers for McDonnell, Bolling, and Cuccinelli!taking *PROPNAME* for a walk and then attempting to write this memo...ahhh... this is beautiful *PROPNAME*... I have so many true, yet politically incorrect things to say, but will instead keep them to myself...*PROPNAME* just broke her collar when I took her out... With Broad Street right outside I only had a minor panic attack.today is one of those "I don't like law school..." days. My solution= pretending that I'm not in law school for the rest of the day... tv time.went to the doc.... it's not H1N1, just a bad case of hayfever... benedryl and rest for me..."You Better stop wining, pining, Get your dreams in line and just Shine, Design, Refine until They Come True. And you’d better get to living" - *PROPNAME*"To take from one because it is thought that his own industry and that of his father's has acquired too much, in order to spare to others, who, or whose fathers have not exercised equal industry and skill, is to violate arbitrarily the first principle of association -- the guarantee to every one of a free exercise of his industry and the fruits acquired by it."~*PROPNAME*can't breathe out of either one of my "noses" (as my sister used to call them)well my first class was cancelled because the professor thinks her whole family has come down with H1N1, so I'm trying to be productive anyway....class, back to the apt. to pack, pickin' up a few necessities at Bass Pro, Dentist, then home for the weekend!! :)Also, Happy XXrd Birthday to my Mama!Oh my gee willikers----I do not like writing memos...So, just about everyone on my friend list is highly upset that it's Monday; but I know that once I get through this "9-6 in class + homework after that" Monday, my week is nearly over... PLUS home on Thursday for fall break!!!! It's going to be a great week, I can just feel it!was astoundingly productive today... chipping away is a lot better method than sitting around trying to figure out how to tackle the whole mountain!life is way too short and way too good to stress out or worry... :)Memo is over--- going to get something done to my hair, then cleaning the apartment and going out with *PROPNAME* for a little early birthday celebration!So as I was driving to school this morning, belting "My Baby Loves Me Just the Way that I Am" into my coffee mug... I realized for the 500th time this week just how much I love life... Can't wait to go home tomorrow and spend lots of time this week with my *PROPNAME* and my family!C-SPAN is unbelievable... The House is a zoo this morning.... Rep. Dingell is being a very unfair Kindergarten teacher over an unruly class...Tuesday is here!! Home after my property class... Happy Birthday to my MeMe Myrtle (my grandma) who is 80 years old today!!! :) She's the best and I'm so lucky she's my grandma!cleaning the apartment...*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding went great! I'm so happy for them!!! Wish I had my sd card earlier so I could have taken more pics... Now, in Richmond and back to the real world... missin' my darlin'...ohh, cleaning then reading for school... all the while just thinking about how much I can't wait to go home on Thursday! Lots of time with my one and only, hunting, and all the fun and good people that go along with both! Can Not Wait.had enough of this memo today, almost done! Reading a good book until sleep... Can't wait until home on Tuesday... It's going to be a great week!Coffee, Christmas Cookies, Civil Procedure and Christmas movies... :)Back in Richmond after a great Thanksgiving break... missing my darlin' already... Can't wait to get through these next 3 weeks and have my first semester of law school behind me... :)so good to be home! Planning to get a few things accomplished today and then going to see my love after he gets off work!back in Richmond, reading for classes tomorrow and getting ready for the week.. can't believe I only have 2 full weeks of classes left of the semester....oh future interests.... you defeat me. Professor Berryhill, I admit that you are God, please have mercy on my poor, ignorant, 1L soul...is wondering why her attention span is so pitiful... must... pay... attention...has had a great week with my darlin'.... :) It's gone by way too fast... now, hunting with daddy till *PROPNAME* gets off at 5:00...civ pro outlining and watching The Pelican Brief... and before you think "she shouldn't be watching a movie".... it's a movie about the law and a law student, it definitely qualifies as studying in my book.... :)In the final 2 week stretch!!snowing in Richmond...So I really have a final tomorrow... I think that's finally starting to set in.studying Torts----missing *PROPNAME*...Property Midterm = Over, Life = Good, Me = Packing up, Dentists appt., Home.*PROPNAME* and I have successfully added a new trick to our list... playing dead! We're excited! :) And we can't wait to show it off to *PROPNAME* when he gets here! <3fried taters for supper... :)law school... you are not too much fun today... December 18th, please come soon...*PROPNAME* and I went to Blockbuster to get a couple movies... we both said we'd been wanting to see Four Christmases, so we got it... turns out we watched it together last year. haha... A tradition in the making? Teriyaki Pork Sirloin and stir fry for dinner... love having him here <3So *PROPNAME* just ate the end of my highlighter... I think that means she wants me to stop studying...Went to eat some mexican food, now fixing some homemade hot cocoa and watching movies with *PROPNAME*... <3So I decided that personally thanking everyone for the birthday wishes was probably blowing up too many people's news feeds... so thanks to everyone! <3<3<3R.I.P. Orange highlighter.... that makes the score: highlighters-0; *PROPNAME*-2memo-writing...ready for Thursday afternoon when I get to go home and see my darlin'!Working on being more positive and proactive...Come 12:30, I will be done with Property! :)I feel like I lose my best friend everytime *PROPNAME* leaves to go back home :( Can't wait till Friday when I get to go home, too.my goodness, how I hate civil procedure...showing this memo who's boss... :)So glad to be home :)Whoa... way too sleepy, way too early... Cookies and hot chocolate time.... :)One final exam is behind me, my wonderful parents surprised me and came up for the evening, and *PROPNAME* is coming up tomorrow.... :) I'm a happy girl. <3Dear God, I know you've got a lot going on with Jesus' birthday coming up and all, but I need you to take this Civil Procedure exam for me in the morning. I know you take all of my exams for me, but I really need ya in an extra special sort of way for this one. Oh and one more thing, please hold off the snow until I can make it home....okay so why am I here going through a long day of classes and feeling stressed and overwhelmed instead of at home happily hunting with my love??? Oh yea, I want to finish law school and be a lawyer... I want to finish law school and be a lawyer... Just have to keep telling myself that. haha.Taking Miss *PROPNAME* to get groomed, then studying for my last exam on Friday... Can't wait for Friday at 12:30!!!! :)work 10-7, then to see my *PROPNAME*.One more class, then meeting up with mama to go wedding dress shopping :), then home for the weedend!Another week almost over? My, how they seem to fly! :) Can't wait for next week when *PROPNAME* is here and we can celebrate his birthday!I don't know what's worse... Constitutional Law or having it at 8:40?hates that *PROPNAME* is leaving today, but had a great weekend and am excited he will be right back on Thursday!!! :)Well... my elaborate surprise plan to take *PROPNAME* to see *PROPNAME* for his birthday has been canceled due to the weather.... but I'm still looking forward to the snowy weekend and we're just going to have to wait until April to see *PROPNAME*. :)congrats to *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME* has a new little baby niece, *PROPNAME*!! (She'll be mine, too, shortly!!)I got the prettiest wedding dress in the whole wide world! Was browsing through the racks and turns out the first dress I came to that caught my attention was the one I had picked out online and been looking at ever since last June! Tried a bunch on, but ended up with that one. :) How exciting!Summer job interview tomorrow... :) Hoping it'll be my first and last!!not at all enjoying *PROPNAME* being on 2nd shift when I'm home for the weekend :(abandoning the library which could almost be confused with an ice box and going to grab some lunch with jessica... :) then back for a couple more classes...trying out the new reading glasses, not sure how I feel about them...wishing my fiance a Happy, Happy Birthday!! I love you darlin' and hope you have a wonderful day!Got a paid (as opposed to the increasingly popular unpaid) J-O-B in a law firm! Starting next Friday, I'll work Fridays until school is out, then full time for the summer! That and having a snow day all rolled into one makes today a great day... :)yay for an official snow day!! :) But still have that job interview as far as I know, so don't get to stay in the bed and watch tv all day.... :(oh thank goodness I have Monday night tv to look forward to :) Gotta love <3 abc family :)
This week, Kelsey gets a LITA STAR for her authorship of "core char," short for core characters of a show, movie, novel, etc., etc. Thank you Kelsey for your contribution to "Great Phrases of our Time."is drowning in a sea of irrelevance.today has been rewinding the look Speaker *PROPNAME* gave to Rep. *PROPNAME* last night and has checked back into Leviathan by Hobbes "the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short".September is the January in fashion...Lindsay is back all you freshman bitches!Carlos had a Lita-rrific night at Moustrap last nights love for Lindsay Lohan is just like an investor's commitment to a high performing mutual fund...he's in it for the long-term.is celebrating with Speaker *PROPNAME* on the passage of health reform in the HouseI want someone to take me on a giddy stratosphere...love is like cherry pieis a new manis so excited!! His sister is engaged and is getting married in July!!recently found a present from his best friends @*PROPNAME*, @*PROPNAME* and @*PROPNAME*. Contained in the envelope mailed from their lovely home on Munson Road, which had a bathroom right out the movie "Trainspotting", were several mini-size wired hangers. So sweet of them, so Mommy fu#$%# dearest of them..Can't get enough of *PROPNAME* and plans on seeing her in DC on March 27this determined to find the right tattoo and its placementsaw the magnetic fields last night...the show was like "icecream and orgasms".has found another reason not to adopt a child at this time in his life...it's called the movie "Orphan". Check in if you haven't.is glad that he caught a bit of "*PROPNAME*'s Drag Race" last night. *PROPNAME* stepped it up a notch with the show setting and hair//makeup. The competition is fiercer than ever...It reminds him of the transition "America's Next Top Model" from Cycle 1 to Cycle 2. He's feelin "totes reality" right now.recently found a present from his best friends *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Contained in the envelope mailed from their lovely home on Munson Road, which had a bathroom right out the movie "Trainspotting", were several mini-size wired hangers. So sweet of them, so Mommy fu#$%# dearest of them...Im sorry Jay I should have included you in that pranck as well. I miss you man. I was looking at old pics of "Raised". I couldn't have done it without you. You will always have a special place in my heart
will break that trap = =+ and climb out alive.GRE! GRE!! GRE!!!A.D. - Always DerekXD happy birthday to me ~will soon fall into ETS's GRE trap ~24 years old ~ ?????(self-with-other knowledge) -- "... the self is in fact entagled at both the interpersonal level with specific others in one's life and at the collective level in relation to the social groups with which one identifies. At a cognitive level, this implies that linkages exist in memory between significant-other representations and the self, as well as between knowledge designating social categories and the self."[ ?? ] ??MBA???????!?! ????! ???? [notice] anyone knows what questions are on a MBA interview? please let me know!two interviews to goso... doubling the rate of failure ~ hahahahIn the rainning storm of the morning, by the path of a farming country, the silver hair woman said to me as I greets her, "When tough time comes, the tough kept going."
Does anyone know how to install Office 2007 in LINUX using WINE ?Forgot to take my cell phone to office.. to reach me (for today) send me mssg on Google talk or FacebookHad the most random interaction with a stone drunk stranger!Had an amazingly lazy and uneventful day... Saturday sucks!!!!!!!!!Is history written or is it made??Finally Internet at HOME :DONLINE finally!!!Random girl (In a bus) : Are you half chinese? Me : HUH !!??????!!????Migrated to Ubuntu Linux completely.Funniest thing happen to Roman Polanski :D LOLListening to Hare Krishna ..just in case :DCan anyone forward me an invit to Google wave???First time: Had three shots of of Jack Daniels on the rock and than to the LABHERE IS A QUICK POLL FOR ALL OF YOU: HOW MANY OF YOU , AT THIS POINT IN YOUR CAREER, HAVE HELD MORE THAN 5 JOBS ?Are thoughts and substance interchangable? Can we redirect our thoughts to substantiate anything that would be comparable to our physical surroundings and experiences ?Football.. fun fun and funEvents of the evening : Random lady at the bus stop : Do you know what "No. 11" beer is? Me: Is that a bus No. or a course No. Random lady : My lab mate said it is a good drink and I can et it here at WSU Me (Thinking) : Seriously ... of all the ppl u could have asked...why me??Any comments on the simmilarity between SITA in Ranamayan and HELEN of troy? Ceartive inputs are more than welcome!Finally have a linux box that runs Office 2007 :)Pigly-wigly diet soda !Just got to know that my co-worker was going to call cops on me ,cause that person did not know that I was new to the work place. Fun huh?EPIPHANY : Two shots of JAMESON'S can do WONDER'S to your experiments beyond your wildest imagination :DSimplicity in our lives comes out of deep thinkingWhat happened to the good ol' days when we could fly and and get inebriated by just thinkin' about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!20-26 NICE!!!To those with interest in international politics and policy I recommend : "THE POST-AMERICAN WORLD" By *PROPNAME* 3.84Our personalities reflect the the environments we have lived in the past, which would also largely determine the ones we might live in.Anyone looking for google wave invits ?.. lemme know.LIVE FROM MY NEW KICK ASS 64-BIT PCIts CONSIDERABLY COLDER here at PULLMAN , WA, than East Lansing!!Watched AVATAR and it was : 1. A sort anti-pollution, green peace statement 2. A light heart warming love story 3. AND WHAT NOT TO DO DO WHEN WE ACTUAL INVADE OTHER PLANETS :DAn existence of polemic bad ideas can cause considerable damage to society.Finally found " *PROPNAME* and His Flying Robot " ... anybody remembers this seriesWatched 9 and. it was fantastic!Merry Christmas to you ALL!East Lansing : -21 C (feels like) Pullman : -14 C (Feels like) Damn you East Lansing.. I shall have my revenge!Finally got my paper degree . Officially , I have graduated!Saw 3 idiots.. It was refreshing. Even though it appered to me as more of a commentary on our education system. However, it painted a fairly black'n white picture. But then .. its just entertainment :)East Lansing : -16 C (feels like) Pullman : -10 C (Feels like)"My god its full of stars"...ANYONE?Watching a Godzilla movie... I almost forgot how much i missed them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Heard *PROPNAME* after a long time. Took me back to my ol' school and undergrad daysWatching K-pax and njoying every momemnt of itAbout to brew my first gallon of beer!
I'm ecstatic!Missing great diving with my dive group. *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...I need to get away!!!!*PROPNAME* is enjoying *PROPNAME*'s 6th Birthday!!! Happy Birthday Miss *PROPNAME*!!!I'm sad that I'm not getting on a plane tomorrow with my divegroup to scuba in Bonaire. Instead, I get to work, work, work! Have fun all!Happy....no thrilled....that I've finished both Halloween costumes....with 12 hours to spare! Pictures tomorrow. Happy Halloween everyone!What a day! I repelled down Vasquez rocks in the afternoon and by evening was carving pumpkins underwater with my dive group at the SCV aquatic center. Throw in making two halloween costumes and it was quite the Saturday! Pictures to follow soon!A proud day today. *PROPNAME* asked me if I'd take her "Black Friday" shopping! She is even willing to get up at a ridiculous hour to do it! My days of wondering if I'm a good mom are over!It's 2am.....why am I not sleeping?????Another "Nutcracker Weekend" is over. *PROPNAME* danced in "Act II Opener" and "Chinese" - and did fantastic! *PROPNAME*'s last year of being in the audience as she plans to be a "Snow Tree" next year, now that she is old enough. I don't know how the Studio keeps coming up with fresh, new,and fun ideas, but they do. Congrats to all the girls!"Mom.....Licorice is in the Christmas tree!!!!" 'Tis the sound of my season this year....guess it's part of the turf with a new kitten!Trying to get back on the "eating healthy" wagon after the past few days of pure gluttony!Orange and pink zebraOh dear. Evidently Santa is in Nome, Alaska.....already well past Los Angeles. Now that we are FINALLY done wrapping, do you think he will double back and visit our house? Merry Christmas Everyone!!!Outdid myself this year. Mini beef wellingtons with gorgonzola cheese. Homemade mac and cheese. Liguini and prosciutto frittata (with endless cheese!). Cauliflower au gratin. The only thing without cheese are the green beans and dessert....homemade chocolate chip cookies and a yule log. Oh.....and the endless martinis that I plan to have to celebrate making it successfully through another Christmas!Need to stop making brownies as a way to avoid working! Some days I hate my boss....oh wait....she is me!Mammo, ultrasound and biopsy, oh my! To quote *PROPNAME*....."Man, I feel like a woman"....except I'm not thinking that is what she meant.
not feelin too good :(It's raining!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! heck yes! it's about time
is wondering how many people know that the United States' Independence Day is actually the day that they published the Declaration of Independence, not the day they signed it into law.wishes that someone would ask her what she wanted to do for once, instead of having everyone just tell her what they want her to do. : //is hoping this week will be better than the last.I seriously wonder why her body decides now of all times to get sick.is excited for the long weekend and the first football game of the season! Go State!!is glad the week is pretty much half over."Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." -Einsteinit will be a long week....R.I.P. *PROPNAME*, you will be missed...is excited! I just bought tickets for the Izzone Reunion game.... going back to relive the good ol' days!cannot express how glad she is that it is finally friday."MSU caught a wolverine. They hit it with a shovel and painted it GREEN!" Lol!Whats with all this white stuff??needs to just calm down, take things one step at a time and remember that its her life and nobody else's."I think we should give our new logo to U of M, it should probably be able to coach their football team better than RichRod." LOL... seriouslyGoing off to kick my own ass at the gym once more.... For better or worse, this type of masochism is highly addictive
"we never forget the truth, we only get better at lying to ourselves"is going into a morphine-induced slumberis bargin it up north!broke her forearm, dislocated and sheared her elbow, fractured 3 ribs and lacerated her spleen jumping off a ledge into the san lorenzo river on friday. She'll be on the 2nd floor in dominican hospital rm 2210 until tuesday if anyone wants to keep her comis so excited to finally get out of the hospital tomorrow!finally has some legit painkillers, hopefully my metal arm stops hurting soon! for now, i think i'm gonna watch the entire series of Entourage since I still have two days of bed rest. *PROPNAME* can help me back to health anyday ;)so i dont have to keep typing this evrytime sum1 asks... slipped during a cliff jump, didnt clear the rocks below. sheared the ball joint in my left elbow, dislocated it (compound fracture), compound fracture in my forearm, 3 fractured ribs and lacerated is getting much better :Dhas a new perspective. Its crazy how close I came to dying on friday.... I'm very happy to be out of the hospital and at my parent's house again. Come visit me! I'm on bed rest 'till Sunday and then only low activity for the next 3 monthswoke up in a lot of pain and then hit the morphine button like 6 times... pain's not totally gone but at least its subsided a littleis bored in santa cruz...s spleen is healing nicely but she still can't feel her fingertips on her left hand. she also wishes the nurses' assistants weren't so incompetent... one helped me to the toilet this morning then left and never came back to help me back into bed (which ijust got the most amazing rainbow tutu and leggings!is so sick of this hospital and not being able to do things on her ownnow takes the storke exit into IV instead of the los carneros exit... weirdis in isla vista without a phoneis gettin ready for Reggae!mmm... strawberry rhubarb cobbler... mmmmthe heart is a wilderness with beauty and emptiness that you endure 'cause you never can be sureCommercial narrator: "we're all searching for it. Most of us don't even know what we're looking for. But we all feel it, that unexplainable emptiness that can only be filled by one thing." Then they pan to the stars and the answer appears. Scientology. riThat is a problem. That is not trusting the nowness properly that what is the actual experience now possesses a lot of powerful things. It is so powerful that we can't face it. Therefore, we have to borrow from the past and invite the future all the time. Maybe that's why we seek religion. Maybe that's why we march in the street. Maybe that's why we complain to society. Maybe that's why we vote for the presidents.can't sleep because the dog keeps barking at something in the yard and its kinda freakin me outrediscovered an old journal and some old poetry of hers and is spending the day pondering who she is and who her real friends are ....... bed rest has given me A LOT of time to think lol *<:~)I find it interesting that I cannot reply to comments on *PROPNAME*'s page without entering my phone number. A neighbor of mine received threatening calls from a conservative group after voicing her opinion at a rally. How they got her number I do not know but I wonder if the same would have happened to me if I entered my number... Scary stuff"we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down" -*PROPNAME*.which mustache?!?!is missing Isla Vista hardcore tonight :( I need an adventure...is getting everything to work out despite the drastic change in plansis going to the city tonight even though she's broken! ooo and my cousin drew a pretty pink cupcake on my cast :Dgot burned by steak grease and has blisters on her leg :( I'm just tryin to ignore it but I think the chef owes me a serious sesh (*cough* *PROPNAME* *cough*cough*) hahahaI think we're walking step in step, But you don't speak your mind. I think I see it in your eyes, but maybe its just a reflection of mine.Is packing up old baggage, mailing it away to Timbuktu and starting a new day :)"see, when you forgive your imperfections, and you've auctioned all your clothes, and you look to see your true reflection, you will be the one who loves you the most" -*PROPNAME* "The One Who Loves You the Most"is getting on her longboard for the first time in 3 months :D !!!!! Now it's time to go around Isla Vista collecting flowers for my new apartment :)is stoked for West Beach today!!! Too bad its not sunnier... didn't someone tell Santa Barbara its still summer?both of the towns I live in have been on fire an lot recently :(is regaining her colors and fitting into her skin again :Dis repairing her very broken math skills one equation at a time"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can lift us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*is headin downtown for some live music on this lovely sunday afternoon :)is so stoked to see *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* at the Hollywood Bowl with her lady tonight!!!is preparing for five days of awesomeness. Hurray for Geo18!is cuddleing with *PROPNAME*, the cutest puppy EVER!is living on cloud nine... aka in the Montecito Hills. the house I moved into is insanely beautiful and best of all... its free!!!has a LONG day in the field tomorrow and then is escaping Isla Vista for the weekend :DLOVES her Field Fridays and BEER HOUR! Thanks *PROPNAME* for being such a great Beer Czaris spending her day off watching Dexter instead of being productive like she should be...is thankful for her quite patio to watch the meteor shower from tonight :) anyone want to join me?"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can life us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*is anyone home in this ghost town?is about to go for a thankgiving hike with her family :)is thankful for a warm fire, good wine and her ladies :Ddowntown or international party? hmmm decisions decisions... one thing's for sure, no more studying for tonight :Dcan't believe she's leaving the lodge in the morning after two years.... its the end of an era :( *PROPNAME* I love you forever!!!how can I be expected to work when there is so much fun puddle jumping to be done?A simple smile can change a day, an understanding look can say "I know exactly how you feel." But we have learned to build our walls, so very strong and very tall, for fear of what the world might stealhad a really stressful day at work but got a $45 tip :) Thank you Microsoftjust finished her last quarter at UCSB. Crazy.is very happy with her grades and even happier that she didn't spend more time than needed on school this quarter!come with me, come with me, we'll travel to infinityfolk and tribal arts festival at the museum of natural history, gonna go find some gifts and watch some bellydancing :)is exhausted but so ready to see her ladies tomorrow!just got back from the reel rock film show and officially views *PROPNAME* as the biggest badass EVERis applying for the Peace Corps//Master's International in Civil Engineering!you don't need no reason nor a three peice suit to argue the truthis overwhelmed by data... and this is supposed to be a quick, easy lab? I barely even know where to start... my lack of experience is kicking my ass :(finally got her computer back in shape! Open office, utorrent and skype; now I can actually make use of my computer again!roast + wine + family + south park = a very happy *PROPNAME*will not be going on the fall 2009 semester at sea voyage. Doctor's orders. I have never been so devastated in my entire life...snow snow snow SNOW!!!!!! HERE I COME!!!!got distracted in Borders for over three hours today... why did they have to put the rhyming dictionary next to the science section? All I wanted was the dictionary but I ended up reading about things from string theory to the genetic destiny of the y-chromosome (apparently men are on the slow but certain path towards extinction...) for most of the afternoonfinished her stats paper and bought her ticket for BRETT DENNEN on the 12th! The world is wonderful again :) Now I am off to work for the next 8 hours... not so wonderful but oh wellis waging a vendetta against UCSB parking services!Does anyone have malarone (anti-malaria med) that they don't need?is overwHelmed with excitementis headin to the doctor yet again but then Reggae in the Redwoods tonight at the Brookdale Lodge :Dis gettin' on the road, feelin' fine. I'll be back in Isla Vista in no time!had a great time at the Devil Makes Three new years and now its time to pack for Semester at Sea!!!!Is in Hawaii, yay!is in Hawaii yay! No more phone after this... email at arsherrin@semesteratsea.netreceived early acceptance to Michigan Tech in Civil Engineering!!!!!!!!!!!! Now its time for my peace corps application! Get ready world, 'cause here I come!is in San Diego, boarding the MV explorer tomorrow morning! If you want to follow my voyage, I'm keeping a blog at http:////sherrinthelove.blogspot.com//I am once, I am twice, I am the whole, I'm just a slice.
i am too tired to move. rebecca you are going to have to pick me up or somethingpacking succccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkksssssss. I wish I was a gypsy and didn't care about having an infinite selection of outfits at all timesMusic is my beach houseC'est dangereux de danse parmi les chiennes de graisseblue to grey.....grandir et s'envoler.homecoming, the hunt, and jacqueline's birthday all this weekend! fml, america, I miss you! no amount of red wine and croissants can console...wish I could be there! ....happy birthday jacs!!! :(elephant tea, deeply disappointed in your flavor. lipton you are rubbish stick to soup
NYC on 8//18!!!!!!!!My skull is way too sexy with his rabbit ears. His name is *PROPNAME* and was named after *PROPNAME* on Grey's Anatomy.is very happy with her very first scrubs!!! :Dcooking ?? + ????! >?<only has $6.78 in her bank account. should I sell my skull?insomnia. help me! (vodka?)everything isn't always perfect.today was a failure. impression was bad. exit quiz was bad. everyone, hand me over your vodka.I wish we don't have our damn necks.is affraid of not getting married before she turns 35.is up all night for no reason..Dear Chicago, what should I do when I miss you so much? :'(pulling sequential allnighters + having 2am McDonalds + no time for skin care make-ups + can't stop coughing = a sad fat female zombie-like human being named Soo.got crazy studying for the midterm.had gummy worms for snack and thought of arteries and veins. oh my freaking god.someone get me a ticket to chicago please and i'll love you forever and ever and ever.is coughing like an old lady a day before her death.is a happy human being :Dis living life fully.First Snow in the City and I was out in the snow~!!! .........alone.Is AT&T really that bad in NY? sprint vs. at&t if not getting verizon? :$is sick.. again.... :'(i feel like the only reason i'm here is to develop my test taking skills.insomnia help...! tips anyone?Thanksgiving in 2 days but I'm more excited about Christmas already! >< ? ............. damn it....time to explore some fancy restaurants in the city. yumyum + my mom's $$$$$$$.1 down. 17 more to go then we finally get to sleep more than 4 hours a day.is in love with veniero's pastry <3 <3 muah muahpartay. for few hours.O... M.... G.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!got old within last few days and will probably get deteriorated by the end of final exams.someone motivate me to study plz...1st semester as a D1 is OFFICIALLY DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!will work out at least 3 times a week !!!is :D !i need to grow up.I <3 MY LIFE.I LOVE ANATOMY VERY MUCHdear weekly quiz, r u F kidding me?Err:510butterflies in my stomach :$chicago for spring break in early march? should i?i don't feel like studying this semester AT ALL.
plis entren al grupo del eski!!!!!!! !!i won the midna game twice, and she doesnt die, she only gets like in a shoc, but she ends up alive :), anyway, im so happy to talk to u, how is everything going on there? how are neftali, stephany, lewis, andre and everybody else?Wiiiii, ahora soy hermano de la *PROPNAME*!!! XDXDFeliz Navidad! XDXDHoidia celebro mi pertenencia a mas de 100 grupos! :DPOR FIN VACACIONES!!!!! no poo ser ma feliz XDXD ... :O despues viene media!!En Viña, vuelvo el 15, chaoo :DMe voi a Algarrobo x 2 semanas, asi q chaoo! Pasenlo super bien n sus vacaciones XDQ lo pased dm bkn n las vacaciones!! Yo pronto m desaparesco d fb...No pueo creer q todos se metan tanto a facebook! Y yo q pense q yo era un viciao execivo! haha... XDXDQ lo pased dm bkn n las vacaciones!! Acuerdate Coni del desafio XD...
is sick of joint facebook pages. Be an individual for christ's sake!T minus 7 daysis going to visit Warwick Castle in the morning and spend the afternoon in Stratford-upon-Avon... you know you're jealous :) I am thoroughly enjoying my time in England (despite the tragidy of having my purse stolen on Saturday) and will miss it terriblywould really like to go back to Europe, please...wants to go back to England :( Amsterdam just isn't my cup of tea...ditto to charlie's statusreally cannot believe *PROPNAME* and all the "birthers"... you have got to be kidding me...ok, yes it's great that the Lakers won the championship, but there's no need to start fires and shake cars. East LA needs to calm the F downgot her iPod Touch back today (YAY!!!), complete with headphones and the addition of a few new apps, including the Koran, iPray, World War, and Brain Tutor. I'll let you do with that what you will... ;)is feeling a lot better... slowing things down and taking a deep breath really does a world of goodManpuku on Sawtelle is my absolute favorite restaurant.going to the Edison tonight with my sister :)sometimes, most of the time, life is too fast and too confusing for my liking...is looking forward tonight's Top Chef Mastersand *PROPNAME* are gonna meet *PROPNAME* on Tuesday :Dabsolutely loves the London police department. I'm getting my ipod touch back!!!Thank you all for my wonderful birthday wishes!!!Europe pictures are finally up! Come check 'em out... you'll have to find them on my actual profile not in my "photo albums"nobody should have to work on their birthday, unless they want to...and I don't want to so I shouldn't have to :(doesn't have to apartment hunt anymore :)finding a place to live is ridiculously stressfulis looking forward to tonight!looks like I finally caught whatever cold is going around. Packing and moving is even more difficult when you're sick :(can walk to *PROPNAME*'s (and a myriad of other awesome places) from her new apartment :)REALLY doesn't feel good and REALLY wishes her boss (who even acknowledged that I'm sick) would send her home.excited about seeing The Used this friday! I bet nobody knew how hard I like to rock :)is temporarily upset with Obama for being in a commercial with *PROPNAME*.had a really really good daywatch "The Age of Wal-Mart" on CNBCNo one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.chips and salsa must be made with crack or heroin. What else can explain my addiction to it?I know this is old news, but I don't think *PROPNAME* could be more annoying or less funny.bored as hell...loves myth busters. Now I can double dip all I want!needs a drink...I am wrecked, I am overblown...how come every time I make a cake with whole wheat flour it ends up tasting like corn bread? I like corn bread a lot, but I'm trying to make a cake that tastes like CAKE :(is still in shock...has done way too much driving and sat in way to much traffic this weekendsurvived *PROPNAME*'s Scary Farm last night...for two... whole... hours...goin on a cruise to Mexico!mmmm lemon cake with vanilla frosting :)doesn't feel so good :(craves enlightenment...has a job interview tomorrow, wish me luck!is eating a huge bowl of piping hot homemade chicken soup... mmmm...I have the worst sore throat and earache (now going on three weeks); and because health insurance is a luxury I no longer have, I am now in the process of trying every home remedy known to man.the unemployed life is a strange one, I'll tell you that...loves 3rd Rock from the Sun reruns, after this weekend, kind of sort of maybe feels like she MIGHT want to move back to the IE...wow... what a weekendCOME on Angels!needs, wants, yearns.hates it when she buys stuff at one grocery store, then goes to another store for something the original store didn't have, and finds that all the stuff she did buy at the first store costs less at the second store. Ugh.is going to get off her ass and actually be productive today!Comedy club tonight! Woot :)Change your language to English (Pirate). Click on the English link on the bottom of your Home page. It's pretty awesome.walked by a full IV bag (complete with hose) in the gutter outside my apartment...is never drinking againwishes her apartment had a heater :(had an interview today. Crossing my fingers that I get a call (a good call) tomorrow!and her friend really need a DD for tonight. Any takers??? :)goin to the dmv... woohoo!had a wonderful and wavy weekend on the big bluewhere can I find current episodes of Top Chef online? (if they can be found online) I'm so behind :(really wants to study at a library or coffee shop today, but nobody will want to sit or drink coffee next to a girl who's coughing up her lungs...Happy Thanksgiving all!loves the picturesque view from her bedroom windowwhat a gorgeous day it isoff to Paris in the morning!needs something to do tonight...really wishes she lived in England or France right about nowreally wants to see Avatar...tomorrow...night... hint hint ;)just got home from Riverside to find less than a block from my apartment: SIX cop cars, a HUGE congregation of police officers (some with guns drawn!), and a helicopter circling the area. I have no idea what's going on!wants her stupid sore throat to go away already!excited about volunteering tomorrow! and hopeful about my job interviewthis cold ain't gonna keep me from line dancin my boots off tonight! YeeHaa!"If we were never ill, we would not know what it was to be well. If we never knew hunger, we would take no pleasure in being full. If there were never any war, we would not appreciate peace. And if there were no winter, we could never see the spring."is sick and wishes her mom was here to make her some tea and chicken soup..., for the first time since she first arrived on facebook years ago, started to fill out the "personal information" section on her profile.the times, they are a-changin...money should never be the goal, only the byproduct.is beyond pissed at *PROPNAME* right now...is eating top ramen for the first time in a LONG time...really wants to chop all her hair off... well, not all of it, just a lot of it...is super excited to see *PROPNAME* today!!!*PROPNAME* was AAAWWWEEESSSOOOMMMEEE!!!!!!! I would go see his show live over watching it on TV any day!is boycotting NBCthe night wasn't a waste afterall :)going Salsa dancing tonight... hope I don't embarrass myself :)doesn't like thunder :(sometimes wonders (as much as I LOVE *PROPNAME*) if the whole NBC vs. *PROPNAME* fiasco is actually a ploy to boost ratings and get better guests for the tonight show... because, if so, it's working...just got home after not having been since 4:30 to find a candle still lit on my dresser... oops...“The God I believe in is with those who suffer, doesn’t punish those or create evil for those who are already suffering”started the day off right: with a big fat ticket from the #%$&*!@ Los Angeles police department...finally watched the final episode of The Tonight Show with *PROPNAME*. It was amazing, and *PROPNAME*'s speech brought me to tears. I also loved hearing that he and I have something in common; cynicism is my least favorite quality, too… I’ll miss you *PROPNAME*!It's a concept that represents a profound shift from how we think about money and satisfaction and the obligation of a government to its people.finished her taxes :Dneeds to go to sleep now! going rock climbing in the morning (eek!)desperately needs a job...take a nap or go to the gym... what to do what to do...two fire trucks just pulled up to the apartment building across the street. I'm assuming//hoping it's not an extremely urgent matter because the firemen weren't exactly running into the building, more like moseying...had a wonderful night! hung out with some really great people and listened to some really great music!"If it's true, if I am indeed addicted to sadness, I absolve myself of blame. Responsibility rests firmly with my brain. It is a flawed design. Worse than the 1975 Ford Pinto and just as dangerous."wishes she was a football fan...from urbandictionary: "She has the most beautiful eyes and hair. She smells that of a fall evening, and her voice will typically seranade you." and "A really sexy, funny, smart girl that every guy wants. 'Damn, you lucky bastard, your gf is a total *PROPNAME*!'" :Dmight need to start figuring out what organs she can sell on the black market...anyone know if and where the state of the union address might be viewable online? I've googled it but can't find anything, and I don't have tv so I didn't get to watch it live :(new goal for 2010: write something for publication and actually have it published.Yay blue skies!just interviewed at an organization whose office is in the same building and on the same floor as the Production, Art, and Writing offices for Mad Men. Pretty cool :)"...the event marked a major shift, what I might call a 'paradigm shift' if I were the kind of person who used terms like 'paradigm shift'..."is glad hulu has the entire Strangers with Candy series... funny stuffgoing to an underground art show tonight complete with art (of course), live music, drinks, body painting, and free pancakes :D It's going to be quite an eclectic experience!
