is wondering what the heck? Last week my computer hard drive died and just a few minutes ago I got the blue screen of death from my DirecTV box saying a problem has been detected on my hard drive. Not cool.
cleaning, laundry, baking cookies... listening to christmas music...
9Minutes
is making soup!
really wants to see Avatar...tomorrow...night... hint hint ;)
is on to something new.
14 more days... Gotta Persevere...
*PROPNAME* is gorges.
two interviews to go
Read this and get excited for films. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d13-Revolution
all the laundry is done... ahhhhhhhhh.... lol
party's off guys,lake show and unborn
goin on a cruise to Mexico!
On a mission to go back home for the world cup!!! Anyone know how to not make it a mission? haha... South Africa here we come <3 <3
unpacking
can't keep having Sundays like yesterday...
excited about volunteering tomorrow! and hopeful about my job interview
Getting ready for my suprize trip to MI...I wish it was under better circumstances
*PROPNAME*, pls help tell the FYP ppl to check email for their photoshoot timing. Thanks.
Is hoping his Sunday will turn out as well as his Saturday did.
can't wait to see alissa joy goetz tonight:)
Scouty is going to the Doctor...
Should get in to Ithaca sometime before morning, and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3D models.
civ pro for Monday, then home for the weekend :)
Hi, fall.
Alright i'm trowing a Halloween costume party at my house on Saturday the 31st. There will be music, games, scary movies and my mom's food! Dont be too extravagant with your costumes, anything simple will do :) If you dont "dress up" people are going to paint your face any way they like lol. You can come anytime in the afternoon after 6 p:m.
should stop going on Facebook because it reminds her of how much she misses *PROPNAME*.
likes food.
nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basis
tengo un gato!? if you know anyone who lives in Berrytree and has a black cat that is missing, I have her!!!
*PROPNAME* wrote that "pure democracy" doesn't work because "there is nothing to check... an obnoxious individual." Then, in the margins, he doodled a picture of *PROPNAME* the Plumber.
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!
My 2005 *PROPNAME* has a ridiculously sharp throttle response. I wonder if it has anything to do with the unintended acceleration problems...
Noticed that the FDIC closed SEVEN banks today. Usually it is zero, one, two, or three. Last week it was five. That was a little bit disturbing. But seven? Query: will it always be a prime number?
met 2 girls named *PROPNAME* in line at Duane under the age of one, saw *PROPNAME* in the latest issue of GQ, and is happy that buying a new toothbrush head makes her believe in the world of new and wonderful possibilities. Love to all today and every other :)
First day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me...
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid
UNC basketball>TFA fashion show. GO HEELS!
I like running because it's a challenge. If you run hard, there's the pain - and you've got to work your way through the pain. You know, lately it seems all you hear is? Don't overdo it' and? Don't push yourself.' Well, I think that's a lot of bull shit. If you push the human body, it will respond
school until 7:30 then home to see *PROPNAME*. Happy Anniversary!
kind of likes getting up early and getting more done in my morning than I would otherwise
is getting on her longboard for the first time in 3 months :D !!!!! Now it's time to go around Isla Vista collecting flowers for my new apartment :)
is regaining her colors and fitting into her skin again :D
Why does firefox crash at the most important times?!
is off to ruperts for the night!
celebrated dusk with the bats of *PROPNAME*
Leaving for the airport and flying to Norway tomorrow!
just bought some 1500 thread sheets
is extremely bored. Late night run to North and back.
Really do not care for my hyper metabolism
Finished my memo! Sleep time, then heading home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s wedding this weekend!!
Just got the new *PROPNAME* album!
Jk about volleyball...who wants to go iceskating tonight from 10-11:30 at munn??
Then at Costco tonight, I find out my atm card is blocked due to potential fraud. Now I need to stop by the bank tomorrow for a temporary card... I wonder if this qualifies for fml...
woot! 301 friends and counting!!
heard someone at home depot ask a worker for "that thing that makes holes 'n shit." LOL
Hello, world!
Research at 12 and then classes after til 7:30 and then finally *PROPNAME*'s house for the night!
Brother says I look like a Russian spy right now. lol!
Back in the 813....the place to be!
hey friends! did anyone leave a fake (but extremely real looking) gun in my car?
monday night madness at work. Ask not for whom the work bell rings, it rings for *PROPNAME*
is on twitter now. follow me @ www.twitter.com//JulesM35.
cige go,. hehehe uie *PROPNAME* , european film festival sa ayala, maybe na.ai psyc related movies you could let your students watch. libre siya, first come first serve seating. :D
À coeur vaillant rien d'impossible.
Hurt my leg today. Might have a stress fracture not sure yet. I can walk on my leg but it HURTS lol anyways cant wait to see the volley ball game! The Halloween party is still on tonight at my house. I live like 10 mins away from chief leschi so transportation shouldnt be that big of a problem
davis is toxic...
headed dt, cant wait to work in the morning.
is annoyed that GM decided it would be cool to have some stupid ass bracket for wiper blades on the G6 resulting in me having to pay $70 for replacement blades.
It's Snowing!!! Ahhhhhhh.....
I'd swear the 'rents were just yelling "gavinda" right now...
back to reality
Quick survey: When is the last time you used poke? this week, This month, Don't remember.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second
driving to the LBC.
...98.1 Golden Oldies ;)
Happy New Years!
"Those great hopes and dreams and ideals of yours are not dead, if you let God breathe into them the breath of fresh life." - *PROPNAME* RT *PROPNAME*
So, just about everyone on my friend list is highly upset that it's Monday; but I know that once I get through this "9-6 in class + homework after that" Monday, my week is nearly over... PLUS home on Thursday for fall break!!!! It's going to be a great week, I can just feel it!
Nouveau contrat en fonction lundi: Controlleur Place Dupuis! Ya baby!!!
I want to be loved, but you don't seem to love me | I'm wandering aimlessly within this repetition | And the answer I found is only one; that even if I'm scared, even if I'm hurt | I'll say "I love you" to the person I love
Let's talk about how much fun we had when we were fucking the world.
needz moar!
*PROPNAME* of all trades, master of none, though oft times better than master of one!
So...*PROPNAME* can now count backwards from 10 :-)
ALLIANCE, n. In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other’s pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.
So I really have a final tomorrow... I think that's finally starting to set in.
"I believe it all is coming to an end. Oh well, I guess we're gonna pretend". Ever feel like a five-year-old who is content to cover his//her eyes to feel safe and secure? If I can't see you, you can't see me..lol..I want us all to stop ignoring the important things. They won't go away if you ignore them. I promise.
"it's raining, it's pouring, my whole life is boring, because of yooouuuuuu!" - if anyone beside weezie can name this quote i will be plesantly surprised
I should just dry my hair and get the torture over with already. :P
thinks it might be time for a nap:)
seriously cannot figure out what the HELL is wrong with my Steelers! :(
notes: "Honey mesquite pods were a primary food of the residents of the SW North American deserts (Felger 1977). Pods are quite sweet and whole pod composition is 80% carbohydrate, 13% protein, 25% fiber, and 3% fat (Zolfaghari et al. 1982). The pods are 
SUPER BOWL!!!! SUPER BOWL!!!!! SUPER BOWL!!!!!!
Jesus, guide me through this day.
I've always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best
has GOT to stop waking up at 1pm...
You can ask me one question (Send it to my inbox). Any question- anything. No matter how awkward it can be I'll answer it honestly, no catch. But, I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you. (I can't resist dares...)
I cannot have survival as my only goal. That would be too boring.
298 friends!!! almost to 300!!!
Walked out this morning, dont believe what I saw | A Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore | Seems Im not alone at being alone | A Hundred billion castaways, looking for a home...
back to school, back to school, prove to dad i'm not a fool...
I drilled a hole into my finger.. how do you even do this!?
Practice question for my EMT exam "its early afternoon and the alarm sounds You are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars. He is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die. He asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic. which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting?" ...uhhhhh how intense is that?!
had a good salad for lunch.
gypsies have carried the furniture off into the night
is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed. (= happiness)
its nearly over, sleep soon ^^
http:////www.gametrailers.com//video//this-is-dragon-age//58530
Shippin off to Vancouver
Somehow, i have a feeling that I'm going to need Facebook more this year... and sorry for dropping out of contact with most people this summer
thinks that a slow day at work seems to last sooo much longer than a busy one! Tick, tock...come on 6pm!!!
wants 1000 points so she can win a real tank. Damn, that's a good movie.
<insert depressing, emo lyrics here>
s dream of a roof garden will not be dashed, gosh darn it!
Lord please bless our time together. Its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure You have graced my life with. I pray that you bring her to me safely and that I pursue her well.
Cinnamon ice cream from scratch - just another day living with a culinary student :) *PROPNAME* rocks!
Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. Epicurus
Well, according to my parents, when I was like 6, everytime my sister tried to call me 'abang', I'd shout at her and say, "Brother!! Not abang!!" At least now I know why I never got anywhere with malay >.>
Watching a Godzilla movie... I almost forgot how much i missed them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh...i hate landlords and i hate renting...
There be a baker's dozen of Turkeys in my backyard
needs a formal date for Friday night...stat!
I don't mean to swear, but I am really irritated right now!
is holding out hope that the steelers can sneak into the playoffs even though they clearly don't deserve it.
The average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are
is unexplainably down :\
Once again can't sleep, but too tired to do anything productive.
served.
RIP *PROPNAME* you were the bad-ass-est dirty dancer in Dirty Dancing...
sooooooo much stuff to do this week.
best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?
Yay... beethoven is over!
So bored.
really gotta go skiing. soon. i just GOTTA!
Thanks for the support guys! We did it.
is about to play at the Detroit International Jazz Festival on the same stage as *PROPNAME*. No pressure, though.
GO BEARS!!! VERY VERY PROUD TO BE BERKELEY ALUMNI!!! Go BEARS!!... Oh Stanford...you're just never good enough... :(
L5R
reads from his past and mourns the future.
is working on new profile pic as E-28.
another double shitf! oh joyyy:] can it just be 1am already?
going to the qm
had a good workout at the gym this afternoon, just took a nice relaxing jacuzzi bath and now off to bed with fresh from the dyer sheets. Ahhhhh fantastic:)
is not loving the new gig, is praying something better comes along, and would like to see the new Harry P movie. Oh and could use a long nap
Contra Costa County is now recruiting prison cooks at Caltech. I didn't know they needed prison cooks that badly. Besides, there's probably a 3.5 GPA requirement somewhere...
coastin......;-)
Between two evils i always pick the one ive never tried before
Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
I'M GOING TO BE A DOCTOR!
is looking forward to moving to DeKalb at the end of May!
Ted Nugent is a touch scary, may be an intersting choice for Michigan politics...
Is off to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*! And I got an awesome gift in the mail today! And I learned how to construct a book wheel. Today is just, like, mega-awesome!
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it
All the classy broads hit up half price wine night right?...
LOVES the SMB!!!!!!!
I can't remember the stupid quote. That is not cool.
It's all about control and if you can take it.
home from my midterm and now doing homework...class tonight until 7 :o(
Women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself -- like, for instance, when he can't find any clean socks...
WILCO OR BUST YEEHAW!!1!!11
Well, now time for a near trans-continental train ride!
38 miles last week, more this week, lifting despite the soar screeches on my muscles. My body hates me right now...
“The God I believe in is with those who suffer, doesn’t punish those or create evil for those who are already suffering”
In a cafe...again, doin what I always do.
it's my birthday wahooooooooo
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!! IN KENTUCKY!!!!!!! I guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :D
My pin: 24797c05
just realized, the longer I'm made to wait, the less I want it.
Anyone gonna be around Chicago in mid September?
Alive and well and drinking a lot of coffee to kick-start the day.
"Wilt thou change this world... Or wilt thou change thyself?"...can't i do both?
hopes to play Surrealist Games with you tonight. Moustache required.
Ninja landscaping for the win.
The world is so desperate nowadays that the promise for peace can win a man a Nobel Prize. Let's hope that he keeps his word.
is still reeling from Blue Hill at Stone Barns last night. Unreal.
Doppelgänger week; change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like. After you update your profile with your evil twin photo, then cut and paste this to your status.
We are the music-makers, And we are the dreamers of dreams *PROPNAME*
has internet again!!!!!
got to sleep in like an hour only to wake up at 4. Black friday shopping with *PROPNAME*!!
so good to be home! Planning to get a few things accomplished today and then going to see my love after he gets off work!
is back to school
is getting to old to party hop. Woo that was a lot of tequila.
Is nearly ready to say flipside to Egypt. Just got a Hard Rock Cafe to go :S PS: Still doesn't like anything alcoholic.
15k at bellagio today... off to the races
is trying to justify his CMU education in exchange for the PSU atmosphere...not really working
hates noisy library-goers.
<//3 new dentist
hardly strictly tomorrow may we all have fun and make it out alive
has one extra day then she expected and begins her hardcore assignment Sunday, not Saturday. One day of extra rest never hurt anyone :)
m-u-s-t stop looking at maps...
is officially more than halfway done studying for Step 1. Yikos.
is wondering if she is a bad mom since her kids are still up watching TV?
felt like falling asleep in the hotpool. im so BLAH! oh well, i'll sleep when i have the time!
is happy getthing *PROPNAME* but is begging for Halladay.
Walk, then HW
Attempting to finish unpacking...arg
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it
little dee is your hero.
hmmmmmm............ its so hot!!!! i'm DIEING!
wants it to be 1 month and 2 weeks from now.
Finally got my paper degree . Officially , I have graduated!
wonders what's causing my recent insomnia...
My old roomate from Englewood, *PROPNAME*, is in town.
WTH... I do not understand what I am doing with rendermonkey... What values are stored in each component of the semantics... and how the hell I am going to complete that practical.
loves loves loves the gin blossoms!
need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait to try Commis
just heard 'In the Hall of the Mountain King' on the radio. Then 'Cold As Ice'. Ah, it's like being home with my family.
nobody should have to work on their birthday, unless they want to...and I don't want to so I shouldn't have to :(
And there goes another one!!!!
I will never get my Master's or get out of Frostburg :(
is preparing for the move, settlement tuesday.
POTATOES!
just took the loveliest walk.
People need to take a breather and chill once in a while and not let the little nuisances of life get to their heads... we only have one life and there is not point to wasting it being angry about nothing...
Dear *PROPNAME* tonight! good thinking *PROPNAME* !
hmm... has the mystery of the loud neighborhood farting noise been solved?
still dont get the point of the GRE.... who made up these fn words?
Woo Hoo Friday!
C-SPAN is unbelievable... The House is a zoo this morning.... Rep. Dingell is being a very unfair Kindergarten teacher over an unruly class...
work 9 to close
is ready for the show tomorrow. Pig N Whistle like usual.
golfing! fore!
When you start debating to yourself on the mechanisms of magic, you also subconciously debate as to the strength of your hold on reality. Conclusion: Fantasy is addictive. O,O
wtf is up with the mlb playoffs? every team that advanced has a ridiculous 9th inning comeback story. wow!
Hates that he gets home from choir at 9:30 or 10:00 and glee doesn't go up online till about 1 am ><
is happy when friends call out of the blue- *PROPNAME*, friends take random midnight walks with you- *PROPNAME*, and friends who make you crazy addicts for shows like "dead like me" - *PROPNAME*.
Read about *PROPNAME* on my site page. He's a real happening dude. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d16-Richard-Kidd-Man-of-1000-effects
apologises if he appears to be shouting or talking very loudly to people at the moment. He's getting used to talking to someone who is hard of hearing but keeps forgetting to talk normally to other people.
: The bubble picture is up as requested. On a related note, my bike has fallen victim to the insatiable hunger of *PROPNAME*'s Venus bike trap.
breaking the intarnetz
longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse. super!
can't wait for the ex x-box
is chowin on wheat rice!!!!!! dang, this stuff is soooo good :-)
safe and sound in Japan! :)
ONLINE finally!!!
home to clean up the house, shower then back to *PROPNAME*'s
cant believe the Ducks traded Pronger! Morons.
back to my modified Russian tuning. It sounds so much more full.
online traffic school is exciting.
Thank God for facebook or everyone would have names misspelled on thier cards...
the teeth are rebelling
has a new favourite scent (ahem): Diesel - Only the brave. :D
Le CH qui bat Washington..... Une chance qu'OVI était pas dedans car il dominait la zone offensive complèment!
And I won't be far from where you are if ever you should call, You meant more to me than anyone I ever loved at all; But you taught me how to trust myself and so I say to you,This is what I have to do
woke up with Queen in her head.
in your face AI's,. humana jud tanan. hahaha
if you give a moose a muffin, you'll end up in a dirty trailer with seven kids and no money.
is still thinking about how amazing the season finale of Dexter was...wow. And is now hooked on Lost...she gets it now. Still agonizing over seeing Boone go bye bye...sexy sexy man
roast + wine + family + south park = a very happy *PROPNAME*
RIP *PROPNAME* - Boyzone will never be the same without you....
then second - can i make things worse than it already is?
September is the January in fashion...
Do it for *PROPNAME*...
thinks "juice" is the funniest word.
my penguins are smaller than your penguins.
Anyone participating in Allods Online Closed Beta?
VIVA LOS DOYERS
thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *PROPNAME*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :)
learns more and more every day that timing is everything.
senoritis go away please! oh and take my flu with you.
is at it again.
Ata motseh chen b'aynai
im going away tomoro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sees that People's Republic of China turns 60 today, but finds Mom's birthday more important.
Hell Ya for a 20 minute commute!
Flu sucks
ate yummy salmon with pasta and veggies after a work-out @ Konami.
why are my clothes disappearing!!!! =(
Got a refferal to a ENT specialist so I can get a camera jammed up my nose into my sinuses. Not pretty but at least I may be able to finally get rid of this damn sinus infection! :D
every KISS begins with a "K" every UGLY begins with a "U"
has only 3 more days left before she gives her life away for *PROPNAME*'s Market Week...sigh..lol
off to colorado!!!
is someone...
is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines.
, after this weekend, kind of sort of maybe feels like she MIGHT want to move back to the IE...
is warm and blood free...oh sweet sweet life! lol
will play company of heroes. : )
Sick! I'm going to blame Northerners...why? Why not?
hopes it will snow in Concord again this week. That was the highlight of the day for sure!
thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! Last night was so much fun! going to UofM on a whim to see old friends! :D
has an interview with the FSU Film School on the 26th. Big things poppin'.
to the cities :)
2 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
friends list in mafia is filling up to the limit...
Hope you are all having a great weekend, am working but all good :-)
apparently the mysterious "*PROPNAME*", who allegedly works for my company decided to order more stuff for me from some office supply company. I'm supposed to get 4 more packages tomorrow... hmmmm.... i almost have enough to build an epic fort!!!
SNOW DAY!!
spilled the beans about the squid corpse in her freezer during the robotics team meeting today.
will probably be getting drunk tonight and tomorrow night. Be ready for my text messages.
freakin beat and super hungry.
Research and then work 4-close
Happy New Year, Facebook denizens!!!
is turning into a hermit
I hate to disappoint you, but my rubber lips are immune to your charms.
No matter what, you've got to strut
Snow!!! http:////www.flickr.com//photos//zmeagz//sets//72157623367337792//
Your problem is that you think you have time
NO NO NO *PROPNAME* cannot have a crush on Shoe...
is soooo sleepy.....zzzzzzzzzzzzz
haha, poor richie, richie, richie:]
Homemade peach pie is done, now off to the pool!
Medication, medication, medication . . . science fiction? Fighting a cold can be interesing.
is hooked on Katamari
Was stuck between reality and a dream...unpleasant.
"Soy Nog." Lolwut.
Facebook Developers, I feel that the new layout needs a shortcut to applications from every site. Probably a button for applications on the top bar?
is checking out *PROPNAME*'s challenges...I might try out a few. Nothing wrong with eating more raw veggies or going Vegan for a month :o)
"Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box, they tumble blindly as ..."
is back online, after four days with no modem.
5 hours and 20 minutes of daylight today. TGIF now means Thank God It's not Fairbanks. Then again, I'm thankful tomorrow will be longer than today.
Dont you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?
is almost 26!
i dont get it. baseball is super boring.
the headache gremlin is back
recently found a present from his best friends @*PROPNAME*, @*PROPNAME* and @*PROPNAME*. Contained in the envelope mailed from their lovely home on Munson Road, which had a bathroom right out the movie "Trainspotting", were several mini-size wired hangers. So sweet of them, so Mommy fu#$%# dearest of them..
Relaxing after my delicious, noodly, post-exam lunch.
trust lies at the core of love; there can be no true love without trust
is really missing her friends from back home. She loves each and everyone of you...you know who you special people are :)
is super excited that Merlin season 2 has started!!!
holiday party: This means even Santa is going to drink.
Happy Thanksgiving all!
Back from vacation. Cruise was fun, but now I feel like I need a vacation from the previous vacation...
Got a new mobilephone..... :)
road trip with my boy, followed by a play date with a crazy half-Japanese girl & two ferrets.
ugh, must finish this book by Christmas, as it is surely the only meaningful thing I've done with my life thus far.
thanks to my mom for an amazing feast... I just crashed out afterwards and caught up on 15 hours of sleep. Now I'm up early in Poway and ready to go! Who's out there???
is back in MI!!
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on. *PROPNAME*
is praying that that tech guys can save her computer otherwise I start my thesis over from ground zero...
on the boat with M&M!
taking care of last minute business... because tomorrow I'm going to Brazil =)
so excited I can french braid *PROPNAME*'s hair now! lol
I like this work, play and no class thing...summer should happen more often
is wondering what's the actual date for start of modules... xD
excited for the wilco show tomorrow!
is my name and I'm here to say, I have the symptoms of an awesome day!
just spent a half hour ductaping a tin can only to through it out. Then spent about an hour playing with ductape, and made pouch that he will never use. *PROPNAME* feels really cool right now. :)
is excited for her first Independence Day //*PROPNAME* style//.
hates discussion forums. You always end up looking pompous, idiotic or both. There's no winning.
IT'S A SUNSHINE DAY!!! laaa
Under the cover of shameful darkness, my now former sister became a fan of Michigan football. Because you did not go there, or any of our family for that matter...that makes you, my former sibling, a WALMART WOLVERINE...yes I went there! We will see where your loyalties lie when you need a kidney or a piece of my liver...GO NITTANY LIONS!!
Football.. fun fun and fun
Good god, vacation can't get here soon enough. Here I come sun, sand, fresh seafood, and pleasure reading!
is ridiculously bored.
just had a great day.
is getting Saddr & Weirdr.
time to step out of the internet and get some sun
is in Atlanta
: District 9 -- Further proof that white people should not be in charge of shit.
lingaw nga day. :P
Yay! Left my flash drive inside a computer in a PACKED math lab yesterday. Called the office today and asked them to check and it was still there! Now I can go back to sleep; woke up early to call them before anyone found it. Zzzz
I think I must be doing something wrong on the trapeze, it feels like I have just went for a vasectomy after trying a few windmills yesterday. No pain no gain :)
Why is mocap not in the mocap room?
40° weather the day I leave for Oregon? Maine, you are a fickle mistress.
What doesnt kill me will make me stronger...
wishes she was as cool as *PROPNAME*, but... that'll never happen! =]
...it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter…I am noticing a patter with this weather.
"My love, I forgive you; you never planned to die - and love, I'll place two pennies over your eyes... And I will love you, after the war. I love you for always, forever more. I will love you, after the war - forever, for always, and more..."
is traumatized
One final exam is behind me, my wonderful parents surprised me and came up for the evening, and *PROPNAME* is coming up tomorrow.... :) I'm a happy girl. <3
*PROPNAME* est en feu!!!!! Je me demande c'est qui le prochain sur la liste..... Mais il y a toujours un gros problème.... Le centre #1 C'est qui au juste????? Pis c'est qui le nouveau gardien d'expérience pour seconder *PROPNAME*????
needs to be herself, she can't be no one else. She's feeling supersonic, give her gin and tonic. She could have it all, but how much does she want it?
had a good weekend. :-)
awesome way to start the week...NOT
just doesn't feel like working... how about sleep!? :)
Jammin my Lady GaGa CD, I got from *PROPNAME* for Christmas!!!!!!!!!!! She ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!
just got the most amazing rainbow tutu and leggings!
<blank>
is walking on sunshine! Cold weather, hot cocoa, New Moon coming soon, good food in the tummy, and a brighter outlook on life. Yay! It is true... those things do pass, and sometimes they need a helping kick out the door. :) lol
Excited my holiday shopping is done! But, more excited about my nephews first holiday show is tonight! <3 <3 <3
NYC to incommunicado in 24 hours? Can't wait :-)
just discovered Wale. Wow.
first 5 down, 175 more to go...
bought a new shirt but may not leave his hotel room.
Finally watching season 4 of Lost
What makes people happy? Apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy. Its a measurable, replicable scientific fact. I dunno why that strikes me funny. lol. Lord, teach us to be joyful in you.
mmm Espresso at Chocco cafe.
My mom and I were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night, now I am a little home sick. I love this time of year in Michigan!
In the rainning storm of the morning, by the path of a farming country, the silver hair woman said to me as I greets her, "When tough time comes, the tough kept going."
wants to be rich!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy. c'mon lotto...
before this quarter ends, i will definitely not break my record...ahahahhaha Just for YOU *PROPNAME*.
This rain has gotten me down today, that and the fact that my flat iron died...bad hair and I am cranky...At least I can look forward to Glee tonight!
has a new favourite scent: Diesel - Only the Brave. <3
0.7 inches of rain!!!
No sense makes nonsense, but nonsense makes sense. So what then is nonsense, in a world without sense? O.o
may have just slipped over on the ice but thinks he got away with it by making it look like he was break dancing...
is soooo sleepy
"I have a $1.57 and a nickel"
What should I write about for my next article? What do you guys want to read about?
wondering if I've got the strength to get through this one : //
has a new perspective. Its crazy how close I came to dying on friday.... I'm very happy to be out of the hospital and at my parent's house again. Come visit me! I'm on bed rest 'till Sunday and then only low activity for the next 3 months
is full up of memories of forested shrines, crashing beaches, and one very long, very windy road.
is sad the wood furniture making class is full...small business, voice, and either beginning principles of fashion design or beginning theatre?
The turkey is now officially drunk (Injected with enough alcohol that if we didn't eat it, it'd be at AA). Rubbed with secret spices, drizzled in bacon, and the silverside joint is slowly cooking for 7 hours. 15 Minute break then back to cooking :D
Just got pizza delivered to my house in Pittsburgh by a chick I went to high school with in Coudersport...feel so much better about my life right now!
eeeeeehhhhhhhhh, ppppppuuuuuuuuttttttoooooooo! 1-0 Mexico
needs to catch up on sleep...
is honestly pretty bla today...wish I could go home to Cape Breton and sit on the beach in the sun
Can't wait for friday! (football game)
has walked a thousand miles with grace so far. I could walk like this forever...Jesus how can you be so good to me?? May you be praised in every step I take. Always
just needs to keep reminding myself it's only for one more month...I so need a relaxing run tonight
hid in the closet for the majority of the day
"You're like a disheveled doll. You know when you give a doll a hairdo, then it's never quite the same after? That's what your hair looks like." -LH
EMT exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh. too much crap
is living life fully.
mmmm beeen feeling quite happpy =))))
is home from the Lockport Mardi Gras parade and is ready for a nap!
is attempting to clean her apartment...
needs thirteen more of you motherfuckers to watch my new video before you get the new jokes. www.youtube.com//JulesM35
is sleepy, loves *PROPNAME*'s new blog, *PROPNAME*'s remodeled blog, *PROPNAME*'s new makeup, and is so pumped for New Moon!!! Did she mention she has the new CD and loves it?
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!! THEY USED BEETHOVEN'S PATHETIQUE NO. 1 ON ATT NEW COMMERCIAL!!!! THIS IS LIKE INSANE!!
i want to sniff yur armpits!!! =o)
13.1 miles, it's on!
has been accepted into the cupcake contest for my Bombay Elvis cupcake...oh it's on!
The Greaser is coming back......
No more TV mobile Next year... I am sad... D:
I have to write a six page peper on women's pornography use, then class from 4:00 til 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house for the night.
sleepy mcsleeperson
bar tonight? anyone want to join me??
is excited about my helicopter shaped cookie cutter:)
humana jud ko sa annotated. :D
approves of his raise.
B-but... impossible... the Lions can't WIN, can they?
Lets make the most of this Year
is variably responsible
Walgreens all out of the flu vaccine...Plan B...vitamins(?)
goodbye EL...see you tomorrow
my hangover + klonopin + gresy ass breakfast = festive events in me bed! :-)
*begins chanting in an unknown language with warcraft music playing in the background*
s New Year's Resolution is to negate everyone else's resolutions.
today I saw an old woman walking across the bridge by Sparty. She was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. Right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. It made me smile! :P
Listless....better snap out of it soon
being fancy is fun...
Sir, you know.
really wants to study at a library or coffee shop today, but nobody will want to sit or drink coffee next to a girl who's coughing up her lungs...
note to self: do not attempt to drive 400 miles in a blizzard ever again.
Spent the last 2 hours sitting in the dark happily listening to music way too loudly at 6am :)
anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?
is now a permitted driver and organ doner!
want's to have my cake and eat it too. Also, a prize hidden in the center.
dili ko emo. gi mingaw ra ko nimo so mag drama2 ko. wla kai ma hemz kai kahibaw ko busy ka... *bow
one month!!
is gettin ready for Reggae!
wishes it was December 17th sooner :(
running the course, then to the weight room
shall live in the sunshine, swim the sea, and drink the wild air's salubrity.
studying for my french oral exam (hopefully my partner shows up), research, class til 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house for the night.
the spaces between my fingers are where yours fit perfectly :) School til 7:30
is soaking up that phoenix sun!
Me voi a Algarrobo x 2 semanas, asi q chaoo! Pasenlo super bien n sus vacaciones XD
Happy....no thrilled....that I've finished both Halloween costumes....with 12 hours to spare! Pictures tomorrow. Happy Halloween everyone!
has been waking up obscenely early the last couple of days; is anyone up for breakfast now that I've been awake and hour and a half?
Another "Nutcracker Weekend" is over. *PROPNAME* danced in "Act II Opener" and "Chinese" - and did fantastic! *PROPNAME*'s last year of being in the audience as she plans to be a "Snow Tree" next year, now that she is old enough. I don't know how the Studio keeps coming up with fresh, new,and fun ideas, but they do. Congrats to all the girls!
swim then sauna...that's what I call cross training
iTunes is soooo bad! im going broke.
has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas... lemme know if u want them.
wants rime with lum
Very slowly meandering my way toward garden bliss. Does anyone in Philly have a patio umbrella they're trying to rid themselves of, by chance?
loves myth busters. Now I can double dip all I want!
is a wee bit disappointed! :-(
is back in the left coast
bed, bed, bed, work tomorrow.
the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.
is planning on trying ???? starting this week
nakakuha na jud ko ug beta key! salamat *PROPNAME*. :D
Happy 150th Birthday, Mr Zamenhof! Thanks for the language!
considers himself to be one of the luckiest men EVER!!! ^_^
black
will have too many notifications at the next log in...
is checking out what Habitat for Humanity is all about!
went on a 5 hour trek from my apartment in North Beach along the water front, over the Golden Gate Bridge to Marin and back again...needless to say I'm resting tonight
wants to go back to England :( Amsterdam just isn't my cup of tea...
is gonna be alright, but tonight is not the night...
thinks this is the best day ever!!! ;)
just saw a pink floyd tribute band :)
Is flying back friday night in time to move the rest of his stuff then go to work the next morning... great.
I've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing Bejeweled Blitz to cause it to go offline. MLIA
leaves for Chicago tomorrow. Can't wait! Now if only the magical packing fairy would visit me...
will work out at least 3 times a week !!!
is back at it again at the PIG N WHISTLE!!! 7:30pm. $5 + 1 drink. Funny shit. Be there and watch me do my thing.
Holy crap. I am in love with you *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME*. IN LOVE WITH YOU.
as the laziest man on earth, moving makes me sad.
Merry CHRISTmas! Much blessings and love~~~
feeling musle tiredness from standing almost a whole day @ TGX...
Is no feeling to good, had to come home fa work :-(
No one in ZOMBIELAND should die because they cannot afford a chainsaw, and no one should go broke because they get bit. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
and *PROPNAME* are gonna meet *PROPNAME* on Tuesday :D
Good luck on shelves tomorrow, friends!
doesnt wanna go back...
the teeth are now in open revolt. I must make an appeal to the dentist tomorrow to quell political unrest
24 years old ~ ?????
confused...i should really stop trying to think on Thursdays...
Went to eat some mexican food, now fixing some homemade hot cocoa and watching movies with *PROPNAME*... <3
thanks all you reliables. And is therefore uploading part 4!
Barcelona, bueno aires, rio de janerio, san diego...cant make up my mind
Dishwasher repair guy coming tomorrow am, hopefully phone that works being delivered tomorrow as well. Big day ahead!
is ready for a nappy-noo
Back in Stockholm!
9:02pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!
Slept 7 hours last night from 3am plus while listening to worship songs... =)
just found out Megas XLR is on iTunes! Life just got a little bit more awesome.
is at the Downtown Comedy Club again this Saturday. New material. You're all invited.
is alive!
There are too many imitation *PROPNAME*'s on Facebook.
partay. for few hours.
Good morning! And in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!
feeling that life is good.
3 days clesased! woo!
:(
boo for no halloween parties
just made vegan cayenne cupcakes filled with salted caramel sauce and drizzled with lavender icing...from scratch!
Working on being more positive and proactive...
karma is a bitch isn't it???
Dear BioWare: Dragon Age is a wonderful and entertaining game, but epic fail on the load times. At least make the wait entertaining. Instead of blood tracks on a map (or awkward elevator rides), how about a 2D hack 'n slash minigame?
finishing my quilt today
Le principe le plus profond de nature humaine est le désir ardent à être apprécié... Le besoin flambant pour un sentiment d'importance.
has chourico! The tastiest, most delicious meat known to mankind! And I'm going to eat the crap out of it!
is happy she finally got off the Google Voice waitlist //and// got the best phone number in the history of the world.
s love for Lindsay Lohan is just like an investor's commitment to a high performing mutual fund...he's in it for the long-term.
My cat is looking for the door into summer.
ROAR
thinks that if she did not work Mondays she would really like her job hahahaha...lunch then soooo much to do to get up to date after the weekend!
It's really irksome when a grad school application recognizes 'California Institute of Locksmithing' but not 'California Institute of Technology.'
is spending the holiday drifting down the Huron.
has found another reason not to adopt a child at this time in his life...it's called the movie "Orphan". Check in if you haven't.
Feeling like crap, no temperature though so at least its not swine flu (at least I think its not!)
Saw a shooting star on number seven of eight 800s.
is feeling productive after posting *PROPNAME*'s care on autotrader. If anyone is possibly interested in a 2006 Honda Civic Si for ~$13500 let me know. I will post the link too once it's officially up on the site!
Back from the Cello//Viola dinner party! :)
oh life.
studying until my eyeballs fall out. have to make up for the two weeks i missed...
My mother saw the Proposal without me so I've lost my excuse to go see it.
being sick is the cooolest.
paints some more mural.
This is not relevant to my interests.
anyone wanna surf in the am.... after 10???????!
craves enlightenment...
aced a MENSA practice test.
I don't want to go outside because I might have a terrible day.
"It's not 'THAT' the wind is blowing...it's 'WHAT' the wind is blowing"
can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night...
Anyone who can be replaced by a machine deserves to be
life is a not-so-easy mountain climb.. but woww.. the view is amazing!
Apparently i had a good time lastnight...
came Fourth in the Race Around Perth today. is super happy about that.
dentist today...yay...
*PROPNAME*: So... Saturday night, the big night. Date night. Saturday night, Sa-tur-day night! *PROPNAME*: No plans, huh? *PROPNAME*: Not a one. ~~HA HA HA HA HA!
Christmas!!!
can't decide if she's using laundry to avoid doing homework or homework to avoid doing laundry.
is going to try working out drunk.
Im sorry Jay I should have included you in that pranck as well. I miss you man. I was looking at old pics of "Raised". I couldn't have done it without you. You will always have a special place in my heart
is temporarily upset with Obama for being in a commercial with *PROPNAME*.
, for the first time since she first arrived on facebook years ago, started to fill out the "personal information" section on her profile.
This...day...is...so...slowwwwww
A simple smile can change a day, an understanding look can say "I know exactly how you feel." But we have learned to build our walls, so very strong and very tall, for fear of what the world might steal
iss ok iss ok
Losing trust on all those facebook quizzes. Just look on my wall. LOL
vegas baby!!! yaaa!!!!
HAPPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!!!!! time to celebrate
anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?
just went on a 4 mile run and even though he walked a very little bit of it he is very pleased with himself!
good night. I hope tomorrow will be better. :c
is a tax collector who standing afar off would not even raise his eyes to heaven. I pray, "God, be merciful to me, a sinner."
I am a somewhat Dark//Morbid Individual, and yet Nana makes me cringe...
two fire trucks just pulled up to the apartment building across the street. I'm assuming//hoping it's not an extremely urgent matter because the firemen weren't exactly running into the building, more like moseying...
Lord *PROPNAME* may have been a complete cad, but he could sure put pen to paper. (Still not studying as hard as I should be... can you tell?)
i'm amazed :)
New year's Resolutions? Not to be made. C; ...Who needs 'em?!
Hot pot!
feels like it is off to the first day of school tomorrow, has the cleanest room ever, and is really happy :)
is getting down with the OPD.
is missing Pokey Stix, *PROPNAME*'s, and everything about East Lansing!! Go State!
has anyone else realized that *PROPNAME* looks like "The Situation"? I am so glad that trashy show is almost over
If you're in a fair fight, you didn't plan it properly
Rest in Peace Uga the Bulldog, the world of college mascots morns you today
is wantin 2 dye amys hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is kinda confused....sigh
First day done:) yippee!
has a date with Mr. Cooper next weekend.
60.5... Cogito ergo es.
has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... BUT I bought a class ring today!!!! :D
cuts with his right hand and eats with his left. So, now that he has almost cut off his left index finger, he is finding it slightly challenging to eat his dinner.
OMG! BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!! SQUEE!!!
Wow...I should have watched more baseball this year...the twins are playing really well...crap...
No, I don't want any Patriotic Panties! Stupid facebook ads
"We would shout and swim about// The coral that lies beneath the waves.// Oh what joy for every girl and boy// Knowing they're happy and they're safe!// We would be so happy, you and me,// No one there to tell us what to do.// I'd like to be under the sea// In an octopus' garden with you." - In Memoriam Requiescat, Pater: August 16, 1962 - April 8, 2006.
plans to visit Orlando (Harry Potter! Sun!) during April's long weekend (go Patriot's Day!).
yesterday was not a very good day.
"We are the music makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams;—World-losers and world-forsakers,On whom the pale moon gleams:Yet we are the movers and shakersOf the world for ever, it seems." *PROPNAME*
I just saw District 9! Probably one of the best sci-fi movies I have ever seen. I recommend anyone that likes action and a good story to go see this movie!
Going to Twisted Taco at Perimeter tonight!
what's with backhanded compliments...twice in one day I was called a diamond in the rough
Why did I want to win? because I didn't want to lose!
It Might Get Loud' in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d9-It-Might-Get-Loud
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper
goodbye new york
is feeling better...the rain cleanses...vule vooo
is excited about going to Sark! as, whilst he hasn't worked out exactly how long he has to wait, he knows he will be going soon!
Off to see whats left of the Beach Boys (I go white one day a year)
Longest day ever--but so great to see so many HC people!
work work work
Only 1.5 weeks left of my summer-work then its back to Karlstad again... Looking forward to it.... It starting to get abot boring up here in the north.... ;)
burnt finger again...
Vegas until Thursday :)
Well now that i'm 18 i have to be careful or i could go to big boy jail lol
Sometimes I think a Busou Renkin cosplay would be hilarious, then I stop and remember Papillon
T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.
is not loving the rain. sigh
had an awesome time at Summerslam. Now for the last week before school starts!
is going to see The Lovely Bones, cause it is already out in NYC..yay!
Hope i dont have too much h//w to make up tomorrow...that is if i can go back tomorrow. grrrrrr. i hate being sick!
na.a na jud koi beta key! salamat hans. :D *PROPNAME*
was assumed to be one of the other artist's assistants... but found a cozy little spot for the hygros on the killing floor.
"Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is."
got a box full of yarn.
says "Sorry Orlando but *PROPNAME* failed the Heat. He was always going to fail you."
is enjoying this incredibly beautiful sky.
is getting much better :D
is glad that it's summertime, and the living is easy. One of these mornings, she'll rise up singing.
moving day...
top of the mornin to ya.
"All the old bindings are broken. Cosmological centers now are anywhere and everywhere. The earth is a heavenly body, most beautiful of all, and all poetry now is archaic that fails to match the wonder of this view." - *PROPNAME*, *Myths to Live By*
now believes in the "bad things come in threes" proverb.
*PROPNAME* is an L7 WEANIE
Looking for the light at the end of the tunnel
had a great night out at blues festival! hopefully i wont leave it a year again for my next night out.
finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley!!!!!!!!
you don't need no reason nor a three peice suit to argue the truth
thinks he'll apply to Pigfarts for next year.
Santa isn't bringing me presents this year. He sent Mal and River to do it, I don't think he considered the noise factor of Serenity though. (If any of you get the extreeeemly geeky reference I'm making, just smile and accept that every year i wish for Firefly to start up again)(Hint, Hint, Santa)
is getting tired of long long nights on salary.
is deep in thought. At lunch then back to work until 6pm.
we all threw it back forcefully to THE NATIVES tonight...love you jaye!!!
Thank you, Case Files. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't know what to expect when undergoing "The Menopause."
Meh.
Laissez le bon temps rouler!
life is way too short and way too good to stress out or worry... :)
is coming to New York City in late October. Shout out to KWeeze and the kids from the Comic Strip! Get at me.
"We know nothing about their language, their history or what they look like. But we can assume this: they stand for everything we don't stand for. Also they told me you guys look like dorks!"
LOVES SNOW!!!!! :)
We won 35 to 34! Close but still a win!!!
We'll miss u so so much *PROPNAME*!
excited about seeing The Used this friday! I bet nobody knew how hard I like to rock :)
Just back from Scotland (the brave)! In Raleigh this week, hit me up.
Best Birthday Ever! 3 Surprise dinner//get-together//party, and VEGAS on Halloween <3 Thanks to everyone that made my 21st special!
just got home from spending 11 glorious hours with her family. It was an awesome day. Sorry for all the missed calls and texts, my phone died many hours ago.
My Grandma's in the hospital. I'm going to see her with my dad.
So, I got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like I got punched in the face...everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party...
is done with work on Friday!! :-D
Visiting mah' parents...ready to play Beatles Rockband with muh' brothas. haha
Trust should only be given to those who truly understand its value.
saw "IN TRANSIT TO ONTARIO, CA" on my tracking information and thought "WHY IS IT GOING TO CANADA?!" Who knew there was a city named Ontario in California? :x
I fought the box and the box won :(
Going to Laughlin???
In conclusion, both of my roommates check facebook more frequently than I.
I think I just spent about 45 hours in the last week playing a video game. Mass Effect 2 was awesome, but I am glad to have my life back. Still hitting the gym hard.
whos in SF and is going out tonight?
is still doing nothing all summer
is happy that my new hard drive is installed. Yay!
i reeeaaallllyyyy want to see taking woodstock...
http:////www.cracked.com//blog//how-to-write-erotic-fiction//
is heading cross country!!
the internet, she is verry lag today. :(
is about to enjoy the hell out of this day.
is happy it's her birthday!!! Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :o)
phones dead
Was ANYONE else off school today? I was sure nobody would be able to get in. Eh.
is cuddleing with *PROPNAME*, the cutest puppy EVER!
is sooooo tired of legal practice homework.
is enjoying (f)unemployment to the fullest
The guy next to me getting a mani//pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with...kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to Ace of Base, Madonna, and Cher. It was so hard not to laugh!! So Atlanta!
So much work, so little time...
ARGH. 2 whole years! Congratulations, *PROPNAME*! You've tolerated me for a total of 730 days! Plus "getting to know you" time... hahaha!
Has 8 invites to google wave... I'd love to try it out with anyone that has a shared class with me. Let me know if you want in!
I got the prettiest wedding dress in the whole wide world! Was browsing through the racks and turns out the first dress I came to that caught my attention was the one I had picked out online and been looking at ever since last June! Tried a bunch on, but ended up with that one. :) How exciting!
Dunk contest was lame this year. Everything the Knicks touch dies.
finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :D
had a wonderful night! hung out with some really great people and listened to some really great music!
someone get me a ticket to chicago please and i'll love you forever and ever and ever.
doesn't want to write her paper...
Leaving for italy tomorrow yay!!!! I will be back on august 6th. wont be able to text till then lol cya!
is feeling 23 ways at once. But mostly ready for a party.
dying of dysentry...
Up to 249 friends already, nearly to 250!
is drunk, thnak god for summer fridays at work
*PROPNAME* noms as predicted...*PROPNAME* saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino...I am on team rodent!
Is going to get off her bum and go running sometime in the next 5 minutes...I promise!
Is off to run some errands
is sooooo stressed out! argh...where is katie????
Can someone download the latest version of the Anchorfree Hotspotshield for me? I can't download this stuff in China, it seems to be impossible and start to annoy me. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease. xxx all the love !!! *PROPNAME*
purchased my first sari and is wearing it to the New Year's party tonight.
Happy Summer Solstice to all!
anyone knows of an interesting//good job guys?
Had a great weekend in West Michigan. Headed back to ATL for a few days. Then I'll be back for *PROPNAME*'s wedding!
I'm *PROPNAME*, and I have a biiiiig green watch. It's so cool. Kinda like AmyO. I think she is the coolest person ever. I wish I were as awesome as AmyO.
is sleepy, is sooo happy and content, is so lucky to have the many wonderful people she has in her life, and is really happy to have the opportunity to have work in such a crazy economy :)
My computer keeps flashing me. LIKE ACTUALLY!
Snow day! Woohoo! Ha this is my first status update in like three months. Umm, giggidy, giggidy, goo!
Welche bluse magst du lieber, diese oder diese?
is creeped out...the owner of a new restaurant by my office offered me lunch and then followed me into Walgreens while I was running errands.
is in isla vista without a phone
Sleep is for Suckas
what what! The leaves are a turnin' yellow! I hold the power of the button that lets people in the door..mwawaahh haha
hmmm...what is on my mind? idrk...i think i mighta left it @ atwood last night...either that or its just ignoring me today.
is hungry as always
is going to be productive when she's finished being lazy
out of the mountains and into the bay
was looking for a job and ended up with two...
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Everlasting, Eternal One, Zealous Conqueror, Creator, Sustainer, Almighty...how can I appeal to your highest pleasure. What can I bring to you that you do not already have? Vanity. Even to define my mission as one to bring you glory is utter foolishness. What can I lift up with these dirty hands? What can I sing with defiled lips?
So glad to be home :)
Ok, *PROPNAME*. You only get to name ONE disease with a name that ridiculous. Come on!
"Oh the weather outside is frightful"
is ready for Baltimore! (Is Baltimore ready for Hua? Maybe not...)
finds it highly amusing that we are currently bringing the milk inside to warm it up in the fridge!
is home from work and back to packing//cleaning. January 2nd can't come soon enough, because this is starting to get really monotonous.
another day.. another chance.. Good day everyone :)
They are NOT beef sausages if they are only 40% beef! LIES!
neeeeeeds the dodgers to win this series :(
is playing real life tetris with moving boxes
is curing cancer with an egg-laying butt-robot, one prostate at a time.
is getting a cold...
Me, I'm doin business and no one ain't ever seen us// If Jay-Z payin' *PROPNAME*, Im payin *PROPNAME*
took the first step toward developing a green thumb today. Windowbox basil, anyone?
To see you when I wake up is a gift I didn't think could be real'
Happy New Years Everyone!!!
my immune system is battling the cold. There is most uncivil war going on in the body. Collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentences
work 9-3:30 then getting my nails done and possibly my hair
needs to find someone to live with next year!!!
Happy New Year!
is irritated that, the day after he got his new modem, the blogging service went down for an upgrade.
EPIC: Today while walking on campus I saw three people riding a motorized couch. Random? MLIA.
Made some cash last night playing poker. Hopefully a repeat performance tonight?
I have the best adhi in the whole world :)
Has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the Miami Dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus?
I'm back home and have a new baby brother
is still on Seattle time.
Will someone PLEASE explain to me why everyone thinks *PROPNAME* is so awesome? I mean if you put *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, or *PROPNAME* on all of my songs, they would sound just as good, if not better.
just livin' the dream
has been working all week, it's time to play gonna get a little bit sideways
used to darken my freckles with brown eyeliner when I was in high school
is watching the lights go down, letting the cables sleep. Whatever you say, it's all right, whatever you do it's all good.
is off to practice being a shepherd
turns out I actually am allergic to my work
Philosophical Sundays
is stuck on Band-Aid brand, cuz Band-Aid's stuck on me!
Can *PROPNAME* hurry up and prove me right already?
Apple casserole and Herb Pork Loin smells so good!!
B-Day Calender is a good appl..u must try it..its simple,user friendly nd moreover,it realy works-i m usin it..
Que blesse la chair purifie l'âme, ce que blesse l'âme fortifie la résolution.
started a Prussia-style diary. Huh...that didn't take long at all. http:////todayiwassoawesome.wordpress.com//
is overwhelmed by data... and this is supposed to be a quick, easy lab? I barely even know where to start... my lack of experience is kicking my ass :(
night yall
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can life us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*
hey any1 wana go2 the balcony next sat???
used to like facebook more, but it just is not the same...maybe it is time to change things up...
Love everything about going home except the traffic.
Who's up for racing around Perth with me?
had one of her worst nights ever at work, after spending all day actually believing today would be a good day.
in mourning...what an embarrassment.
The Vanishing Act of *PROPNAME* <3
is a standard packet.
little more reading, chatting with my love, then sleep... :)
aawww, i feel like shit.//
dear gods, respiratory arrest.
Happy Birthday 40th Jay-Z!
The first week is always the hardest, right? If so, it won't be long before I'm whipped into shape-- I went to the Konami gym 5 times this week. :)
Dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! Yay!!!! Let's play in it!
wants to see all your asses who are in LA at the Pig N Whistle this Tuesday at 7:30 pm. 6714 Hollywood Blvd. $10. I am HOSTING THE MOTHERFUCKING SHOW.
Tuesday is here!! Home after my property class... Happy Birthday to my MeMe Myrtle (my grandma) who is 80 years old today!!! :) She's the best and I'm so lucky she's my grandma!
"You Better stop wining, pining, Get your dreams in line and just Shine, Design, Refine until They Come True. And you’d better get to living" - *PROPNAME*
Ready for Summerfest!
Please fill out my survey at CA *PROPNAME* Survey Group!
Got a paid (as opposed to the increasingly popular unpaid) J-O-B in a law firm! Starting next Friday, I'll work Fridays until school is out, then full time for the summer! That and having a snow day all rolled into one makes today a great day... :)
is sick and can't sleep. Waiting for my new phone to come later today.
is so stoked to see *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* at the Hollywood Bowl with her lady tonight!!!
just went paintballing in SD... always a great time! The bruises go away after a few days, but the memories of capping your friends last a lifetime.
is thinking a trip to Shanghai is long over due...lil' Shanghai is all growns up since I left it!
wants a Droid but has to wait almost a year for the new every two to kick in.
Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight. *PROPNAME*
Bestanden!!!!!
can't wait to watch, "Coco Before Chanel"
how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?
just got a new chair. I don't know what "passive lumbar support" means, but damn does it feel good.
is never drinking again
is a doctor, not a writer of witty status updates, damnit!
didn't know the chemicals in jalapeno peppers could make your bare skin feel kinda burny. Huh.
just got 16 orders all at once. sick.
Q lo pased dm bkn n las vacaciones!! Yo pronto m desaparesco d fb...
I can handle the scope thing being shoved up my nose and down my throat, I can handle the CT scan, but having blood taken, still can't deal with that!
anyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?
I'm trying, ghandi.
Hi, my name is *PROPNAME*!
is happy to have a new working DirecTV box. I can open the guide and switch channels without it freezing....and the DVR works. I can now go back to waiting until a few minutes into a show before I start watching and then fast forward through commercials!
In KABUUUUUUUUUUL! Desert city bringin down empires There's nothin we can do Now we're in KABUUUUUUUUUUUUL! The streets will make you feel so screwed No hope cuz we're all doomed Let's here it for KABUL, KABUL, KABUUUUUUUL!
(self-with-other knowledge) -- "... the self is in fact entagled at both the interpersonal level with specific others in one's life and at the collective level in relation to the social groups with which one identifies. At a cognitive level, this implies that linkages exist in memory between significant-other representations and the self, as well as between knowledge designating social categories and the self."
R.I.P. Orange highlighter.... that makes the score: highlighters-0; *PROPNAME*-2
Im so bored!!!
ahhhhhhhhhhh i cant think of what 2 write 4 the next scene of my play im freakin out D=
is starting to wonder if I enjoy life TOO much...<3 my friends!!
is totally into black girls now.
A storm's abrewin'! Snow is starting to stick....
oh the hazards of love
is hoping in vain for sunshine...
Im so boreded again.......
is OLD & UNPROFESSIONAL.
today is my day off! Going to *PROPNAME*'s to sort is comics and then maybe see A Cristmas Carol
Congratulations to *PROPNAME*, 2009 Graduate! Whoohooo! Keep reachin' for the stars broder :D
R.I.P *PROPNAME*! You and your music will alway be in my heart :(
i better pay the library 3.60 or the man is coming to my house
still hungover!! but well worth it.
Just remembered, I seen a naked guy running up the supports on the squinty bridge last night with all hanging out .. but wearing socks. Not a pretty sight.
does anyone need a really really big master bedroom in SD?????
profane messages make my day hahahahaha…shower, pj’s, late news, then bed…wondering if you can actually classify the “best sex of your life”?
just bought my W:O:A ticket! \m//
just finished watching "The Ugly Truth", cute movie:)
saw Old Dogs...the things I do for my parents.
Don't be tardy for the party! LOL
INTERNET!
As we get older every day feels longer and although I know I'll struggle I will do my best to never get tired.
is doing some major housecleaning!
something must be done!
…gone to pack up and move everything out of our 3-bedroom apartment and into our temp 2-bedroom apartment :oS
lamborghini murcielago
"we never forget the truth, we only get better at lying to ourselves"
exctied my bday gift is getting my stitches out
needs to find someone to twist his hair and start his dreads. anyone in the LA area worthy of recommendation?
Dear Online Dictionary Makers, Let people search the text of the entries, not just the entry words. Make your dictionaries more like a human brain. Let me search "make things the same" and find words that include those words in their definitions. That would rock. Love, *PROPNAME*
If this societal obsession with vampires had happened while I was going through my "phase" in middle school, it really could have changed my life.
Driving down Mosel to Luxembourg! Then catching the early bird tomo to Baaar-the-looona yippee
we take life, we make life and now we must feast on the ones we love
Pro: I think I'm going to really like ethics. Con: I may have to rob a bank to pay for my books.
R.I.P MJ
un examen francais and then work 3:30 to close and then studying for my quiz tomorrow.
wants everyone to fill out the big five personality quiz I am sending out :o)
Day off tomorrow!!!! Who's up for sledding?!?! Text me!
Trapp mandate...dinner and a movie, does it get any better?
s house smells like hickory and fall!
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT: If you're reading this,whether we do or don't speak very often, please post a comment of your first memory of you & me. When you're finished, post this paragraph in your status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!
enjoyed himself at Wild Wednesdays. Big ups to Martini and *PROPNAME*. Let's hope they invite me back.
come out to support Haiti tonight either at the Starlight Room or the Independent
the new muse album is awesome
both of the towns I live in have been on fire an lot recently :(
To Campus!
Wrote a quick article on *PROPNAME*. Check it out. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d2-Roger-Beebe
Here's hoping the House and Senate can reach some sort of agreement...
It's amazing how easily you can find aunties that speak both Malay & Chinese but not english...
Anyone think they could help me out by escorting me to the airport Friday morning? I can pay in undying gratitude and awkward silences....
doobee doobee doo, wait'n on the doctor...
What can one do when one is bored?
is hungry.
dreads his mortality as he walks the empty aisles of a library, admiring the volumes, yet knowing his life will never last long enough for him to enjoy them all.
that was fun
Trying to figure out what to do with my life...hmmm suggestions?
life's a sexually transmitted disease.
Good Job ballers...its all up to the football team now! GO GREEN, GO WHITE, GO STATE!
Damn, those Eagles looked sharp today. Too bad the Red Sox couldn't do the same.
CRISIS Next weekend my brother is having a ‘giant’ sleepover with four of his devil spawn minions. 1) Isn’t he a little *old* for that kinda thing? 2) Last time ONE of them came over, I had to listen to Three Days Grace on full blast on my iPod so I could concentrate enough to READ. Yes, you heard me! If anybody who a) isn’t a pervert, and b) doesn’t hate me could offer a place to stay, I would be grateful...
JF: You making pancakes *PROPNAME*? Me: Of course. JF: Any of the coffee left? Me: Sure. You want anything in it? JF: No, black like my soul. Me: No sugar? JF: Are you kidding? I'm sweet enough... And that's how it was for 26 years... <3 Semper Fi Uncle *PROPNAME*
The lighting's really weird out; the sky is dark, but everything else is almost luminescent.
only kinda sick-ish. yay!
ok im back...im free to talk.
could've almost died today.
is going to see *PROPNAME*..WOOO...is going to see *PROPNAME*...WOOO! So psyched!!!!
Is aparently the new Michael Jackson. The real one will be missed though.
*PROPNAME* to miss play off....good start to the day ;)
Manpuku on Sawtelle is my absolute favorite restaurant.
This year, and especially fall has definitely established a theme for itself. Seriously Higher Being, watching a dark comedy may be fun for you, but I can assure you that living it is an entirely opposite experience.
didn't know it was the forest spirit that made the plants grow.
*PROPNAME* at RitFit is my new favorite person. It's kinda nice to be cajoled into thinking you're "way stronger than you think" at doing bicep curls. And that's what I'm paying him for.
anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class??
is prototyping gantries for butt-robots (mostly out of Lego).
I went to bed at midnight last night and woke up at 5:30pm. Whoa.
is a Stanford graduate and leaves for Beijing tomorrow.
sleep? who needs it
is missing Katie
My old email was hacked. Please disregard a weird email if you got it. Sorry!
if the itching continues from the stings I am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashion
OMG!!!! LOST!
stayed at Incredible Pizza for 5 1//2 hrs yesterday and I'm about to do it all over again today (its so great having kids)...Happy Birthday *PROPNAME*!
I'm on call, to be there.
work till seven, then something with the fiance... :)
Pigly-wigly diet soda !
3 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has been in Cape Breton for 10 days...and has read 8 novels. Humm I almost wish I had studying to do lol. But everyone here is soooo nice :o)
techno colored beats
is fighting that old, familiar feeling.
worst night ever! then I get this message? "hey so i just moved up here and ill be honest, living with someone but not getting needs met sexually and hoping to find someone in same position or at least who understands and can be discrete, if you may be interested let me know ,if not i am very sorry to have bothered you" I could be a god damn serial killer who gets off setting people on fire urg I fucking hate people!
100% of people will not copy and paste this.
Nothing comes to my mind...
IM SOOOOO HAPPY ITS FINALLY HERE, ITS BEEN SOOOO LONG SINCE WE LAST HAD A STORM :) booo all my cams suck they dont work at night, wish i got that 2day now!!! :'(
is putting together a breakfast casserole to bake for breakfast in the morning and waiting on *PROPNAME* to get here.. :)
off to work! lame.
Gonna be sleeping soon... For Tomorrow, I needa CHIONG my PROJECT. =)
patch//paint//spackle attack
is happy things are coming together for her job and self-wise...is a lot busier than she realized...feels good about keeping her resolution to be selfish to herself...and is letting other people make the effort, and it is great :)
IS SOOOOOO EXCITED 4 THE HOLS
J'ai ne sais pas
classes, maybe a movie with the twinnies after classes
<3 scotch tasting
wants to go home! 10 more minutes...why are work days so much longer than weekend day?
To all my Jewish friends: Gemar chatimah tovah.- May your final sealing (in the Book of Life) be good.
skiing in -2 degree weather...what better way to celebrate the new year?
Cold Chillin', Cold Chillin'
is drinking tea and Emergen-C like it's nobody's business. I refuse to be sick any longer!!
is having a dinner party with freinds.
needs to focussss
i wish how 2 play acoustic guitar. it sounds really pretty when you play it right.
me: so he had cerebral palsy? *PROPNAME*: yeah, you could tell because his hand was all doodly-doo.
wants to watch *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* minus the *PROPNAME* portion...what a way to satisfy both the francophile and foodie in me
7:15 chem classss, dieee D: *collapse on floor* zzzzzzzzzzzz
(573): Fact: The drinking you do in college doesn't affect your liver in real life.
working on my memo... yuck..
wants to go home!!!
I am the fool; the hierophant crosses me.
wishes she could give her dog a huge hug right now. Dog lovers: read "The Art of Racing in the Rain"
is flattered
is moving to her new apartment in EL!!!
wishes I was in Spain, this would totally be siesta time
I have 6 cliques in my Facebook network.
loves summer evenings
Getting ready to head to jakes for punch card night!
work this morning then MHC bound!
has internet again!!!!! So much work//studying to do....midterms woo hoo
did an hour long workout and now I'm trying to convince myself to vacuum the house.
Quote of the day: "Sex is a weapon the girls use to defeat us!" - Random Primary school boys who were sitting behind me on a bus... lol
Dear everyone: crack open a dictionary and start using "hypothesis" and "theory" correctly from now on. It's not that hard, and misusing the word confuses stupid people to whom I then need to listen, which makes me sad. : (
Just updated my profile...Much has changed since college!
What a great life i have... first my nose... now my fricken hand!
Only two more days at home, then off to Richmond on Tuesday. Where did the time go!?
"Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self." - *PROPNAME*
Some movies plan piss me off. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d13-Anger-In-Celluloid
and the recurring back issues.
Dear Louisiana Office of Motor Vehicles employees, I understand that you probably get stuck dealing with stupid, annoying people on a regular basis. That doesn't mean you have to be rude to everyone, especially not the friendly people like me darn it!
is @ the Whitecaps!!
waiting for november to get the cold weather memo
:'(
FINALLY!!!
There is no rest for the whiny.
is off to the gym!
is boycotting the 30% chance of rain//snow on Saturday.
*PROPNAME* is almost plays almost as bad as *PROPNAME*.
just booked tickets to New York October 29th thru Nov 3rd, who wants to join me for Halloween in NYC?
just listening to cool R&B. people like mary j blige and tamia and kc & jojo
still hoping wla mi class. :P
bring on this semester :) What fun things will I learn?? Only God knows :) ..someone's always missing from this campus though.. last term without her...sigh*
is looking forward to Homecoming weekend. :)
likes the new Spartan football promo video! :) I'm exited for football season!
sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. If anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable AC unit. Stop by the palace in petaluma
First day of Winter is not so bad in Atlanta...
Going to the gym again. :)
will soon miss the peace and quiet.
why is Facebook always more interesting when I have a paper to write?
is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand. yay. come visit.
is excited about going home today for fall break... :)
bloody macs do my head in!!!!
is a relatively short stack going in to day 3 of the Bellagio 15k tourney... about to leave to go play now.
is not knowing what to do with the time she has on her hands. Park, stalking squirrels? Ugh...Does anyone need to hire an assistant? Boo
On my way to get my license! Don't have a car yet though...lol
spending my saturday the best way...at the library with ALEX!
is in Italyyyyy
We have seen them wear purple for four Sundays, maybe even rose for one of those Sundays. We have prepared our heart, mind, and soul. We now await for His coming... "O Emmanuel, king and lawgiver, desire of the nations, Savior of all people, come and set us free, Lord our God."
wine + cheese + teebow's tears == fun
You're going to want to read my latest article because this one is about Death Factory. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d29-Nothing-to-do-but-visit-the-Factory
Donuts.
If there's no one beside you when your soul embarks. Then I'll follow you into the dark
I won't post any downer economic collapse articles this weekend; only growing things.
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o)
how can I be expected to work when there is so much fun puddle jumping to be done?
will gladly boast in his weaknesses. When I am weak, then He is strong. Your might, oh Lord is endless. Please cover over me. Please cover over your beloved..Lest we all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections.
so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!
drunk MSU fans when I was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" I don't like to swear, but I had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "FUCK YOU!"
:o) there are 3 Swedish guys on my floor this year....***WOOT***
And finally, thanks to capitalism, the curse of bin Laden is broken. GO YANKEES! Now let's rebuild those towers and get out of Afghanistan.
im getting pimples! whyyyyyyyy =(
*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*: 3 great men doing great things in 2009.
COWBOYS WIN!!!
just saw a flash of channy's face on a commercial! YAY!
work 9:30 to close. Happy Halloween!
Trying to get back on the "eating healthy" wagon after the past few days of pure gluttony!
Excited about *PROPNAME*'s awesome pics from yesterday;)
"We are the sons of holy wrath,A shining light in the darkThe ones who walk amongst despair,No sign of fear in our hearts"
well.. my old shaver turned that shower scene into an Alfred Hitchcock film...
Can't wait for Noon-thirty on Thursday!
for some reason, im watchin schoolhouse rock videos. im so bored.
ELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Press 1 for English. Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English. And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, JESUS CHRIST. And the AMERICAN SOLIDER. One died for your soul, the other for your freedom. If you agree... copy and paste in your status
is watching a movie:)
is way too upset with the damn Dodgers to even really be upset.
could only gaze on *PROPNAME* from afar today at Disney World:(
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are
unfortunately, folk songs in the autumn grass will always trump paper writing. Back to work for me!
Lakers: Raised to the 5th Power
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.
watching I Love Lucy
once again doesn't remember going to bed. And she's upset with how much drunk *PROPNAME* tries to screw around with hungover *PROPNAME*. This isn't funny drunk *PROPNAME*.
My prediction for the upcoming NFL season: Fuck *PROPNAME*.
s Tuesday sucked...but Wednesday is another day.
gets super happy every time I hear my favorite Christmas song :D
from the first day of school to the first Junior League meeting...busy day!
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life
has done way too much driving and sat in way to much traffic this weekend
Now *PROPNAME* is sick...and realizes what a jerk he was when I was sick
is back in vegas, ready to win the main event! ... not really b//c i'm never going to win a tournament. hopefully I can take down a few $$$ anyways =)
is headed to India over winter break!
I am dreading glee this week...
*PROPNAME*'s sons' new car-$360,000 *PROPNAME*'s new ring- $800,000 The Average cost of a 16yrs bday party in West LA- $275,000 (Quotes from NPR) PEOPLE GET IN TOUCH WITH REALITY AND SHARE!!!
is headed for Boston to be with her lovers... *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* are happy :D
Ai is coming to San Jose on Sept. 4th =D
is at work....one more hour then sushi date with *PROPNAME*. Feeling sleepy already....3 days to mon birthday!!!!! and le strippers :oP
just ate delicious pizza after a busy and tiring day of walking around downtown Oslo, the Viking ship museum, Norsk Folkmuseum and beautiful new Opera house with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.
seems to have acquired a mad swank bike.
has heard *PROPNAME*'s tragic call to keep my shit together and live life properly. Love those you have and avoid drama.
gonna go swimming tonight, let me know if ya wanna dip
off to work, then to surf.
A proud day today. *PROPNAME* asked me if I'd take her "Black Friday" shopping! She is even willing to get up at a ridiculous hour to do it! My days of wondering if I'm a good mom are over!
While slogging along in the swamp, Dragonianus came upon a strange looking patch of wet sand. Dragonianus made a Wisdom check with a difficulty of 9 . . . and rolled 16 Recognizing it immediately as quicksand, Dragonianus decided to take an alternate route. It meant more walking but a lot less dying.
just saw FOUR timber rattlesnakes!! Thanks, *PROPNAME*! :) And I am SO much better at finding them than *PROPNAME*.
wasn't very impressed with "Taking of Pelham 123" although I was amused by *PROPNAME*'s character talking about the girl he took to Iceland..a Lithuanian ass model named Lavitika. Ha
is in San Diego, boarding the MV explorer tomorrow morning! If you want to follow my voyage, I'm keeping a blog at http:////sherrinthelove.blogspot.com//
Thank you all for my wonderful birthday wishes!!!
ug sa dihang wla na koi duty for 3 days. hahaha ma.o na nah akong christmas break.
I do not understand my fascination with horoscopes
can walk to *PROPNAME*'s (and a myriad of other awesome places) from her new apartment :)
canteen then lazy dog then samba universal!!! :] go! go! go! go!
Help me remember --*PROPNAME*
hot tamales & Easter peeps & bunnies; *PROPNAME* & I gots significant data! :) I guess monkeys DO kinda like music...
Yay, left my phone, wallet, keys and my FREAKING ALTOIDS on the bus lol anyways gratz kurbis on being a grandpa :)
oh yes its ladies night, and the feelins right! oh yes its ladies night, oh what a night...
loves crazy people. (almost as much as coffee).
is affraid of not getting married before she turns 35.
Shitty day + Monday Migraine + Late home = URRRRRRRRG!
Car je étant pauvre ai seulement mes rêves. Je place mes rêves sur vos pieds, marche doucement pour vous marchent sur mes rêves.
pickles and onions!
New Guitar Hero = Freeeeeeeeebiiiiiiiiiird!
Student: Can I turn this assignment in late and still get full credit? Ms. T: Nope. Student: I'll give you an apple? Ms. T: Too cliche. Student: ..How 'bout a pineapple?
she said, "you probably don't remember me," I said, "only every other memory."
Thesis delivered at my parents' place: a great moment!
I am officially the dumbest person in the entire world...my life sucks
SIX-HUNDRED DAYS!
feels bad for my sick boyfriend. I know he feels really crappy 'cause he's sitting still and not playing videogames!
came out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am I supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(
won a guitar at Six Flags for dominating a 3 point shooting contest!
A fox trot above my head. a sockhop beneath my bed, a disco ball is just hanging by a thread.
I'm just sippin on chamomile...
Lord, be my portion. Christ trusted you to provide all the help He ever needed. Let me do the same.
I suck!
Mmm Soup.
AHHHHHHHHHHH!! IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!!!!
"oh hi i am laura 3.0, i live in new york and wear a sweater cape" -JJC
is super stoked to be THAT much closer to getting to volunteer at one of my fave nonprofits in SF!!!!!
is sipping coffee, petting a bunny, listening to music, & dicking around on Fb. How's that for multitasking? I can process chemical, acoustical, tactile, and visual stimuli simultaneously, all while actively avoiding any kind of work AND maintaining homeostasis!
is at Dad's place.
is starting to like her new room in the basement...
GO STATE BEAT THE BADGERS!!!!!!!
Classes are getting in the way of my college life...
wow, a rainy day in Los Angeles. I'm sure somewhere a midget feels 6 feet tall.
if a cat always lands on its feet, and toast always lands buttered side down, what happens if you strap a piece of toast to a cats back and drop it?
looks like I finally caught whatever cold is going around. Packing and moving is even more difficult when you're sick :(
Research meeting, french, and then work 3:30 to close, alone with Becky. :(
Believes that life is like the open sea, and truth is the wind in our sails. (no wonder I'm not moving)
bought Final Draft and is well on the way.
has burnt her finger. It really hurts, as well.
*PROPNAME* gave me a Christmas table cloth and dish towel! Now we have a Christmas tree and festive linens! :)
wants to be deaf so he'll have to use sign language so he'll have to communicate more directly.
is stoked about this weekend. Marble Canyons: here we come!
is about to fall out of her bed, out of her clothes, and into the Niiiiiiiiiight Kitchen.
was digging in the dirt today, and earned her supper.
Headed back to ATL after a great weekend in Tampa :)
meh idk if im gonna do anything for tomorrows dressup day. I dont have any old people clothes :\
Octarine!
Outdid myself this year. Mini beef wellingtons with gorgonzola cheese. Homemade mac and cheese. Liguini and prosciutto frittata (with endless cheese!). Cauliflower au gratin. The only thing without cheese are the green beans and dessert....homemade chocolate chip cookies and a yule log. Oh.....and the endless martinis that I plan to have to celebrate making it successfully through another Christmas!
working until 1:00pm...really needs a break
How many licks does it take to get to the center of your universe?
now has pierced ears!! :) but I can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like I'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :P
:] ahhh, love it
Well, it finally happened: I bought a coffee so big it didn't fit in my microwave for re-heating. (Sub-status update: Go to bing.com for some major Boston pride ;-)
I just got my new phone and it refuses to copy all my contact info from the SIM to the phone so if I had your number please send me it. Thanks :)
Mmm. Nothing like tea and Galetti to transport me back to early morning breakfasts in Florence.
is at the Underground Comedy Lounge in Downtown LA this Wednesday at 8 and the Downtown comedy Club this Friday and Saturday at 9pm. See you all there!
Thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner, and I sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar...
can't lie. He misses Gainesville, everyone in it and can't wait to get back.
can only take so much shopping, drinking, going out to dinners, hanging out,playing with babies, and flying to random cities...hurry up half marathon, as soon as you're over I get to do some real travel...
wonders why the tigerbooks link is broken half the time! I am trying to sell some books damn you! (I <3 Coffee)
has made some downright amazing scallop chowder.
Je deteste le francais.
i am having a hard time studying..
Back home again from the Tallinn Party Cruise.... Tierd but Happy :)
No bees, no honey; no work, no money.
SATURDAY!!! :D
My troath hurts :(
Today at the gym I saw on TV that Michael Jackson was dead. I was so shook up I couldn't keep working out. Also, I will do anything to skip dumbell lifts. They really suck.
total cost for books $310 via school website. I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon. How rad is that?!
Had a dream last night that I defied the laws of the space-time continuum. Isn't that like the holy grail of dreams?
The feminine version of the name *PROPNAME* meaning "the woman." Basically never printed on magnets, mugs or other souvenir paraphernalia. Often mistaken for *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* or *PROPNAME*. My name is *PROPNAME*, not *PROPNAME*, dammit. (Urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste the first entry)
howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow. Whos coming with me?
would like to have more than 24 hours in a day!!
Oh no *PROPNAME* is really sick, I even made him chicken soup yesterday, and he still is running a fever!
has joined the Harvard Ballroom Team!
has access to money again. Unfortunately, it appears to have cost him his typing skills :P
is on stage three times this week. All downtown. Yeah.
Yeay to Squamish!
Books are great company, but in all honesty, my apartment is getting a little crowded.
yay family day...but it's not even my family
is heading home for Christmas!
yay! up to 205 friends on facebook (and counting) already! never knew i had so many friends..
alone... :c
likes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passages
striding forth, undaunted, unafraid, toward the uttermost frontier of thought where wisdom lures me on. O pioneer!
wants to do something so damnit that's what i'll do!.............busy doing something now.................
had a dream last night that I was opening up a shop and booking a last minute trip to shanghai
i might be sick with a cold. its not fun. at all. and im frustrated cuz i cant find a powerpoint i was workin on yesterday. today is just not my day.
I'm sad that I'm not getting on a plane tomorrow with my divegroup to scuba in Bonaire. Instead, I get to work, work, work! Have fun all!
Note to 'The Wildlife Fund': Fuck you, stop pestering me about your $500 'donation' to my nonexistent 'zoo'.
is home from Germany, had a good time ... tired
TAHOE TIME!
what is everyone doing tonight?? i'm so bored.....
A prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit. A prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat.
Attention everyone: If you have the misfortune of reading this, then I regret to inform you that I've been seriously injured in a car accident. Okay, maybe not, but I did just lose the game....
should really sleep
GI JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE!
is in love with Ren Fest...
I have 1.6Kg of explosives for Nov 5 (The UK equiv of 4th July for the Americans), Hopefully with any luck this thing will make the night time look like daytime with the bang :D
Doesn't like getting off work to see his car encased in 1//2 an inch of ice.
is sooooo excited to see Mu Sochua speak today!!!
is off to work out. I don't want to but it's been 3 days:(
Excited for Compelling 09!!! :]
Taking Miss *PROPNAME* to get groomed, then studying for my last exam on Friday... Can't wait for Friday at 12:30!!!! :)
four long islands in 30 nmin = happy
almost killed herself with a kettlebell!
thanks 4 all d greetings guys.. did have a happy birthday :) hope all of you have a good day
I need new pictures all of mine are old
*PROPNAME* has officially caused my imminent failing of OB//GYN. I have spent a cumulative day reading "The Hunger Games" and its sequel, "Catching Fire" in the last week. And now I can't study because I'm pining for the final book in the series, which won't come out til August. Damn you, *PROPNAME*, and your cruel attempt to get me reading again!
is excited for an old fashion cocktail party tonight, time to pull out my old fave, vodka gimlets, throw on some pearls and channel *PROPNAME* to go with the short hair.
Let go Spartans LETS GO!
What homework did we have today, if any?
Happy//Sad//Boring Valentine's Day everyone!
Realised that he is actually a Virgo... lol
wishes all of his Cornellian friends good luck tomorrow! Enjoy it, it's a wonderful place.
never appreciated how good a dancer *PROPNAME* was until the recent marathons of Dirty Dancing. Kudos where kudos are due.
is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future.
doesn't know what to make of the fact that based on my interest in TV shows like "Brotherhood" and "Californication" , Netflix has a recommendations section of other "Dysfunctional family dramas" This includes "Dexter" and "Rescue Me" which are both shows I watch. Oh Netflix you know me so well.
i feel like the only reason i'm here is to develop my test taking skills.
1st day new job.. jidher nice.. & woww, it was destiny! used to want to do this job but then thought I wouldn't end up doing this!!
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry under your name as a comment.
These Bots are taking over...
The best day is ALWAYS today!
just completed her night cheese ;-)
Beautiful ceremony for a beautiful person. You will be missed and loved forever but never forgotten. Rest peacefully <3
raked some leaves this weekend!
new year...maybe some new hair...i'm thinking chocolatie brown!
gone to *PROPNAME*'s!!!
thinks he'll start a Prussia-style diary, and this status update will remind him of his choice until he finally acts upon it.
Trying to learn how to build a cowboy hat out of a Natty light boxes
trying out chrome for the first time seems pretty quick on the uptake
has a new medicine. It's 100 movie channels on a television.
*PROPNAME* said she was allergic to Pepper! LOL.
has got it goin on
is heading home for some sensory deprivation (and *PROPNAME*'s? anyone?)
"All these weirdos, and me getting a little better every day...I had never known...that there might be a place for people like us"--*PROPNAME*
has a huge pile of washing!
Any comments on the simmilarity between SITA in Ranamayan and HELEN of troy? Ceartive inputs are more than welcome!
finally has some legit painkillers, hopefully my metal arm stops hurting soon! for now, i think i'm gonna watch the entire series of Entourage since I still have two days of bed rest. *PROPNAME* can help me back to health anyday ;)
who does that motherfucker think he is!!! ajkjsgksjgewl
can't taste her food and is officially pissed at her URI.
loves bid night!! :)
now has lens flare, Thanks *PROPNAME*.
Love me Dead...
Is gonna get his own laptop soon (tomorrow) >.> Finally... after all these years... waiting... for my revenge!! (on the online world that is) :O
I'm Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy.... Thanks everyone for the nice Birthday wishes I love you all!!!! :D
hmm.. if I were a fly, I'd be dreaming about devil's tongue. Nite, all
work, work, work until 6. Day-off tomorrow to have pulmonary function tests...they are going to try and prove that I have asthma by trying to induce an asthma attack...fun times :oP I will wear my running shoes lol!
I'm better than ya ex, gonna be better than ya next
is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!).
Oct 7th
To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;
Any *PROPNAME* Jokes?
Seriously going insane. Actually wishing I could move up my date to spare myself the psychological nightmare of last-minute USMLE studying.
had a great weekend thanks to everyone who showed for the terrible t-shirt party
We had a wonderful Thanksgiving day! Reminded me how amazing my family is. So glad to see those members of my family who needed it most enjoy having all their family gathered around...
writing, writing, writing, writing . . . writing.
is going to be a O&P practitioner...maybe :-)
is finally in Brazil after 2 whole days of travelling
can't sleep because the dog keeps barking at something in the yard and its kinda freakin me out
finally has 666 devilish friends. Now what to do with them all?
never gives up, never surrenders!
last cabin trip of the summer. sad :(
happy birthday *PROPNAME*! Mommy loves you veryyyy much<3
wishes everyone a happy first day of classes yayyyyyyy!
i relly thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sigh
I would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network I ordered, thanks for ruinung my game day comcast...
just got home after not having been since 4:30 to find a candle still lit on my dresser... oops...
wants to thank you in his latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d20-Im-So-Proud-of-You
wonders whether Professor *PROPNAME* would let him write a term paper on fanfictions using theories from the readings...
has a long but exciting work day.
Dear Iowa Winter, you win.
cannot get enough of "The Sweet Breathing of Plants." Everyone should read it. Everyone.
it was so cold this morning I am pretty sure that I hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my car
hears whale calls. Literally, there is a nature video playing in the backround.
Friday why do you come on so strong?
working 9:15 to close, then who knows
is glad his room is now a little cooler than the surface of the sun
just visited Wash. U. in St. Louis, and is VERY impressed.
is ready to beat bronchitic asthma's ass with ginger, honey and garlic ;)
Thanx for all the birthday wishes, Been working all day. but all good xx
Went to the Natural Science Museum and Imax theatre today. :)
*PROPNAME*'s?
wants sleep
has 1 essay left to write! and one to read through and amend where necessary! Then it is all gedonen!
YAY!!! got my new phone!!! HOLLER!!!!
best way to relax after a crazy morning: blanket and Chopin
Merry Christmas to everyone who reads this!
realised at around 5 last night that he had nothing to offer to trick-or-treaters so he made toffee... but then nobody came.
off to san fran.
is headin to the doctor yet again but then Reggae in the Redwoods tonight at the Brookdale Lodge :D
Oye, so tired...Sometimes I wish that we could spend more time enjoying and less time preparing this time of year
had delicious Thai food, needs to clean tomorrow, and is excited about getting busy at her new job
my goodness, how I hate civil procedure...
missing the hubby out on boys night out <3 lol
So UC Tuition Fees are increasing by 30% and the salary of the UC Regents has been increasing since our fee hikes....SO THAT's where all of our tuition money is going...
BEST TUESDAY EVER!!! done with dmv, getting my diploma in march, and getting off prob. early!!! YAY!
has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. $26.
loves the Pirate English version of Facebook!!!
(continued from above) And rot inside a corpse's shell The foulest stench is in the air The funk of forty thousand years And grizzly ghouls from every tomb Are closing in to seal your doom And though you fight to stay alive Your body starts to shiver For no mere mortal can resist The evil of the thriller (Into maniacal laugh, in deep echo)
Have a great week everyone! See you next week when we return from our family fun! <3
finished ruck run
wonders why my coworkers always want to drink on my running days...
"Everything in this room is eatable. Even I'm eatable. But that is called cannibalism, my dear children, and is, in fact, frowned upon in most societies."
"Heaven send hell away No one sings like you do anymore."
wants to fall in love~
is home in OC!!!!
likes windows. They are very appealing to wandering minds.
"I gotta feelin. Woohoo...that tonight's gonna be a good night" :) I like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well. Thanks God :)
you know things are bad when eating feels like procrastination.
"Cheese is the Devil's plaything."
CMU football...is there anything better?
has been watching a ton of disney movies instead of getting anything done...on that note, Aladdin is still my favorite in terms of songs and I <3 how all the female characters are so headstrong
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery, lol!! Love the cheesy jokes... :-)
grumpy mcgrumperson
is enchanted by this website (http:////www.inbflat.net//), even if her chinese internet can't load fast enough to properly display the videos.
off to christmas in vegas with family <3
JM3 Tonight!!! woo hoo
"I don't have to explain anything to you solecistic amoebas" ~ *PROPNAME*
tired tired tired, but come on out to the Dance Party at Sparty Watch tonight!!! 8-midnight!!
gets to visit the Baltimore Aquarium again!!!
class, research, class, home
Does this have to happen tonight...I have my fight club
just got back from rugby and the weight room, going to eat....hit me up later
So...I never got the facination with farmville until I built my zoo...totally addicted! If you have zooworld let me know I will send you a gift
Qu'est-ce qu'il y a ?
research, homework, french class, work, *PROPNAME*
Came 45minutes late to C++ final, still finished before everyone else. :D
is posting this from 30,000 feet above the surface of the earth, somewhere over nebraska in an airplane. Wow, what an amazing world we live in!
thought some chick was hitting on me last night, but it turned out she was just getting my attention so she could make fun of me for being over 20 and still wearing Abercrombie. FML!
Rainy days = warm food. Its worth it.
can't wait to head outtt
This unconformity is conformity.
probably won't be at UConn this fall. still not sure what i AM doing though.
All change is not growth; as all movement is not forward.
is hoping that everyone who fasted for Yom Kippur had an easy fast and a meaningful prayer experience.
had a wonderful two days on boat...
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
So I decided that personally thanking everyone for the birthday wishes was probably blowing up too many people's news feeds... so thanks to everyone! <3<3<3
is going to try not to whoop some ass today.
is at Amherst!!!
Monday comes too fast and too early.
is le tired!
First Snow in the City and I was out in the snow~!!! .........alone.
finance class :(
looks like I am going to be just as unproductive in 2010 as I was in 2009
Come 12:30, I will be done with Property! :)
is so tired...yawn
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeep
ITS OVER 9000!!!@#$%^&!! :D
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
thinks her temper is her worst quality…bla! *PROPNAME* come home I miss you!
The woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! Under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved.
108. Nearly in double digits.
in an unusual music mood
is always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide, formaldehyde, and uric acid.
life is like a box of chocolates... too much marshmallow and not enough nuts.
got old within last few days and will probably get deteriorated by the end of final exams.
football and basketball at center court?
What do *PROPNAME* and the Miami Dolphins have in common? They make 70,000 people stand up and yell "Jesus Christ"...
God is more interested in what we are than what we do. That's why we're called human beings, not human doings. ~Thanks Vocation Boom
Holy poop on a stick, that was a long day.
s katamari is mostly tools, gears, clamps.
On my way to Chicago. :)
I find it odd that we're all just chillin on top of these massive plates floating on crazy hot elements that collide and shift. and all the while we stress these teeny tiny things...that's a pretty big picture! may god bless the people in haiti!
needs to go to sleep now! going rock climbing in the morning (eek!)
s head would explode if his skull wasn't being hammered on by numerious sledge hammers. needless to say my headache has decided over the counter painkillers only make it more angry.
@_@ turkeyday for me = a bunch of republicans coming together eating a huge feast and Obama bashing....its disgusting!
Happy New Year and Decade Everyone!!!!
Owl City - electronica, pop, alternative. What a great combination. Plus, their album is actually good unlike half the songs on the radio.
Live as if you will die tomorrow. Learn as if you will live forever. http:////www.ted.com//talks//ben_dunlap_talks_about_a_passionate_life.html
one more week of summer please!!!
Dashain ko Subhakaamana sabaai laai!!!Happy Dashain!!!
is gone home for the day....
come on, scratch my back. It'll be a funky adventure.
had a better day than yesterday. Lack of sleep makes *PROPNAME* an unhappy girl
So now what am I suppost to do on Wensday nights? Damn it Fox...no Glee until April?
I wish the naries would get here. I've got things to do and people to ignore.
Packing for Ur-ban-UH and the sunshine state =D
had an awesome night with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* in Mexico City! Two bottles of mezcal later...
back too work... ufff
is just here.
loves his poster of a chimp with a sunflower in his mouth. just thought i'd put that out there.
*PROPNAME* is going to deal with a ticket...I dont know where his checks are if I need to bail him out!
FLEW A KITE WITH HER FEET TODAY AND IT WAS 100% AWESOME.
The americans have forgotten that they were once terrorists to the british ~
she put him out, like the burning end of a midnight cigarette
oh great! i've found the new billy mays! just saw him on a commercial advertising this scratch remover stuff
My family now has 1 car//person, down from 1.25 cars//person.
ugh! in rough shape
we need more long weekends.
Going home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s bridal shower and Father's Day!!!
yeah steelers!
october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!
...off to work. Work part-time, class full-time, life? no time :oP
when everything is going wrong, it helps to get ridiculous phone calls from one's two whackjob best friends & be entertained by the cutest, smartest, naughtiest bunny in the world.
feels old after watching the sixth Harry Potter movie.
height and weight test under bravo
Loves the rain, it makes him feel better for some reason... good bye suicidal thoughts, hello happy ones ^^ MOAR RAIN PLZ!!!!! D:
Well... my elaborate surprise plan to take *PROPNAME* to see *PROPNAME* for his birthday has been canceled due to the weather.... but I'm still looking forward to the snowy weekend and we're just going to have to wait until April to see *PROPNAME*. :)
summer!!
going to an underground art show tonight complete with art (of course), live music, drinks, body painting, and free pancakes :D It's going to be quite an eclectic experience!
is not having a good night. Watching some TV then heading to bed.
Gosh darn it!!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovah’s witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! That means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them.
good sports weekend for Los Angeles. Word up.
I just got kamikazied by a kiss...wrapper
Back in Atlanta! There's no snow here!
ugh! rough weekend!
It’s true what they say; ignorance IS bliss. I envy kids that way, for not having the mental maturity to understand all the problems surrounding them. It’s nice to see that happiness and naivety every once in a while.
Snow advisory for Atlanta today and tomorrow...Good thing I have bead, milk and meat in the house!
Exit Silicon Valley, Enter Silicone Valley
*PROPNAME* is an asshole.
the best ways to get rid of Moody Mondays, and the past few days of moodiness are to talk to mom, volunteer, talk to *PROPNAME*, watch an amazing episode of Dexter, and be thankful for all the blessings in life that are free for the taking :)
gotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. I predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noon
what school week is this?
s gotta get a damn camera!
It makes me sad to see *PROPNAME* all iced over...
went to the doc.... it's not H1N1, just a bad case of hayfever... benedryl and rest for me...
Missing great diving with my dive group. *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...I need to get away!!!!
is wrapped up in his snuggie.
surf was amazing this morning. sooooooooo ready for life now.
had an amazing weekend, but now it is time to get some work done!
cold but sunny here in the mountains
dreamt about Nonja all night.
is looking for a wallet...Bed, Bath, & Beyond shoppers//employees...please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop. T_T
hope you all have a great weekend x
little brak!!!!!!!!!!!!! yea!!!!!!!!! kenau to me.............. wierd
has probably, most likely, lost what ever symbolance of a mind he once held.
Dear Baby Jesus: Please compell my boyfriend to get off his ass and pack...we are leaving tomorrow at 5 am to go home and celibrate your birth...and i really dont want to have to kill him because then I will have to drive the Mustang in the snow and rosie is in mint condition and the salt will discolor my top. Thanks so much...
And he said, "Let there be tacos!" And there was.
woke up in Chicago :) Happy, healthy, wonderful new year, everyone!!
In my 10 min stop at 85*C bakery in Irvine, I saw 4 people I knew...
opened up a bottle of cava because I wanted a mimosa with my dinner...now I just realized I kind of have to finish the bottle myself...uh oh
almost time to make white chicken chili with cheddar jalepeno hushpuppy crust. It's going to be even better than usual 'cause we finally have some fall weather here!
beam me up scotty!
spies and other mysterious persons could track me down almost anywhere today, but they only have ~1 hour.
Also, what's with facebook exploding? I can't even use this stupid thing anymore. How do I fix my profile? Wait, there it is underneath the couch cushion next to the pocket lint hiding under the chest of drawers over yonder by the bureau
I made an oopsie :>
A bit of Christmas cuteness: http:////www.watchanimeon.com//axis-powers-hetalia-ii-episode-28//
just saw a really nice house, we'll be putting a bid in asap.
is imagining her feet buried under the cool, wet sand and being sucked toward the ocean.
happy hour = bad idea.
Had an amazingly lazy and uneventful day... Saturday sucks!!!!!!!!!
.......so apathetic........
A little tanner, great times, and now very current on hip-hop.
love actually makes me want christmas.
why can't I be at Top o right now? Go Saints:)
I just wish I could take back that kiss. Because now I know... it was the taste of betrayal.
making love to my lollipop, mantis-style.
owen gets the number seven?! you just have to love the balls on ferguson
research, poster day, french class (je deteste), work 3:30 to close, then finally home. Long day today.
used every piece of loo roll from one roll (obviously not in one sitting) for the first time ever!
framed roger rabbit
just saw *PROPNAME* get tired & redock himself and is having MAJOR HEART MELT :~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
just cut *PROPNAME* trying to give her a little trim... :( I'm taking it worse than she is... poor baby... Now *PROPNAME* and I are going to grab us a bite to eat, then I'm trapping him in my apartment cuz he's not allowed to leave tomorrow.
ARGHHH!!! The radio has christmas songs on it already, this bad bad bad news! Its november !!
this cold ain't gonna keep me from line dancin my boots off tonight! YeeHaa!
Take me to a place without no name
is Delaware-bound in just a few hours!
XD happy birthday to me ~
Welcome Dinner tonight and I'm the toastmaster :)
"if you accept defeat, then that's what you'll get" - from Facing The Giants
and the day he gave *PROPNAME* one more chance.
wants to be an emergentist!
O... M.... G.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Needs to stop consumption of harmful substances ... but can't D:
Working at home, wathcing the *PROPNAME* game, and watching the snow. The words "lazy Saturday" come to mind.
what have they done to FB?????
is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow :)
yay! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG. super pumped.
---No man will be lamented more, with less reason, than a popular celebrity.
"Life is miraculous; even when it's disastrous, it's still incredible. I'm fascinated with everything; life is fascinating. I'm fascinated by trees and dogs, but no one wants to hear me talk about it." -*PROPNAME*
is just that good...
and the NEVER ending thesis!
Let's see how honest MY FB friends are. Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me. It can only be one word. No more than one word. Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you. This should be interesting...
is taken *PROPNAME* (our youngest) off to Appalachian State today to start his freshman year. *PROPNAME* isn't going, she just can't do it.
My pay check is like your pay check only without all the zeros.
is going to chill tonight, maybe order thai, and just relax....
I LOVE SNOW!!!
is listening to mice play and chat in her ceiling! ://
busy and stressed out today!
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT: if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of you and me. When finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you.
I declare myself a mercenary. Have a job? I'll get it done.
French class and then work. Bad, bad day.
@ M Level 4 Photo Studio now...
has emptied his closets and clothes box from the move and is completely reorganizing everything, it looks like a clothes bomb went off in his bedroom.
wants a Mojito.
Good Times Were Had
Back to work sucks, especially when you have the double wammy of being nocturnal and freezing limbs
is looking forward to his new college town.
Believing requires action
Discussione della Tesi domani alle 16.30 in Bocconi aula N32: Tutti invitati!!
Training Feels good! 208.4lbs less then 10lbs and I've reach my weight goal! Nice!!!
loves the anti-steroids commercials during major league baseball.
Those who still owe me resume... HAND THEM IN! Gonna be up most of the night tonight... PHS @.@
is talking to *PROPNAME* :D
proved her epic ninja skills tonight.
We remember...we believe. Have you forgotten how you felt that day, when your homeland was under fire, and your people blown away? ...In a crowded room do you feel alone? Faith, hope, and love, are some good thing He gave us, but the greatest is love.
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.” Steve Jobs
nebulizer was not fun tonight....... :(
research, un examen francais, work, and then home for the night.
well.... expected returns are like "oh, it's just you..." but unexpected returns are like "WHOA!!!"
gotta assume your responsibility and move forward.. get going!
earned another freckle or two from running the *PROPNAME* Marathon today!!
Since when did you become the center of the universe?
is at work until 6
just wants to be settled in a great many things.
going out with my man to see a play!! NACHOFEST TOMORRROW!!!!
(purposefully contradicting *PROPNAME*) AGHH!! The heat! *opens arms in welcoming fashion*. I mean, you all complain when it's cold and rainy, as per usual, and you complain when it's warm. CONSISTENCY, PEOPLE!
needs to get a nifty book, a language version and a development environment that actually work together. I've got this Book on Python for Hacking//reverse engineering, but it's for 2.5, which is a not compatible old standard(current is 3+) and for an older version of Eclipse, which has also had a massive change in the current version and this book was published in 2009.
things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line ALWAYS gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power ALWAYS gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. there
is so excited to finally get out of the hospital tomorrow!
Waiting for a batch of homemade peppermint bark to set in the fridge to help ring in the New Year! Suck it, Williams Sonoma, with your exorbitant prices!
oh Portland, how i love thee
yay clean laundry!!!! :)
is wondering how many people get themselves screwed out of money by not paying attention and keeping records of stuff. I just added another $70 to my "um no dumby actually I don't owe you that money" total. Yay me:)
so i dont have to keep typing this evrytime sum1 asks... slipped during a cliff jump, didnt clear the rocks below. sheared the ball joint in my left elbow, dislocated it (compound fracture), compound fracture in my forearm, 3 fractured ribs and lacerated 
what the heck is wrong with my teams??
yeah Obama, let's fix this thing!
i believe i can fly! woo! i believe i can touch the sky! think about it every night and day, spread my wings and fly away! i realllllly need something to do right now! lol
loves workouts that involve kicking and punching the best.
I am not ready to get back to real life...
practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. haha
is enjoying the cricket but has no fingernails left.
argh.
*PROPNAME* is enjoying *PROPNAME*'s 6th Birthday!!! Happy Birthday Miss *PROPNAME*!!!
minnesingers last night. bored today...
is alive
Had a home-spa day today, the best thing to do if you want to kill some time when it's raining outside...
hasn't eaten in like 4 hours! enjoying my salami sub now...
just found a blue rubber band in her pork wonton.
is about to lose his mind on account of the Dodgers right now.
is exhausted, stressed, and is having an awarding winning bad luck streak in terms of things going his way. But for whatever reason was nominated for the homecoming courts.
riverside is a strange and wonderious, mostly strange, place were when you show up at noon you are required to murder avocados and eat dinner at 3:30. Merry Christmas world, i'm stranded with my family.
moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist... This goes out to all those people who are unapreciative of the word moist. You make my eyes moist with all this hating...
Ready for an awesome summer at Stanford!!
Though the air is cold outside, I pray You warm our hearts with Your love.
purging the non-believers from the itunes library
Sleeping children fear not for the Sun brings a new day
Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom
DET Photoshoot TODAY! Wear BLACK TOP... =D Can start thinking of a pose for your fun shot.
It's our god forsaken right to be loved <3 <3 <3 <3'd
*PROPNAME*'s gone home and I will be studying the next two days for a scary property midterm on Thursday that will be worse than going to the dentist----then I have a dentist appointment right afterward.... Basically I'm doing something I don't usually do and that is sulking and feeling really sorry for myself. BUT, home on Thursday after the exam//dentist appt.!!! :)
needs something to do tonight...
is sick, but not badly.
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
believe in yourself and life and consequently life will believe in you.
Does anyone know where I can find the firefighter's test from the *PROPNAME* case that is causing *PROPNAME* so much consternation.
Catharsis soothes sore arses in Carthage.
COME on Angels!
I have an abundance of Apple Crisp, Peach Cobbler and Peach Pie at my house - PLEASE HELP!
It'a kinda like de ja vu - working at home, wathcing the *PROPNAME* (Steelers) game, and snow is still on the ground. Good thing I know its Sunday!
Is it May yet?
I hate the fact that I currently have no computer. It is not fun to have to borrow other people's computers.
yay Friday!
Boise, Idaho Day 3. French Fries are happiness deep-fried
book-faced HACKED!!!! muahahahahaha
watched and heard 4" thick branchs near the top of one the Pine trees in my backyard snapping under snow weight and taking branches with it. I saw that, said oh crap, let's go have a look, ran out, look up, realized I was under the remainder and said oh crap, let's go back in. It's Ragnarok! Prepare for the end!
Anyone want to sing at the Bakery on Thursday night? Free food and tips...!
So as I was driving to school this morning, belting "My Baby Loves Me Just the Way that I Am" into my coffee mug... I realized for the 500th time this week just how much I love life... Can't wait to go home tomorrow and spend lots of time this week with my *PROPNAME* and my family!
is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch. :D
adam's mind is thinking about not doing what he's supposed to be doing. shoulda woulda coulda. that's gonna bite me in the ass here in a couple weeks. guess i should get it done. meh. manana.
Sewing again!
is in Kuwait, soon to be at FOB Warhorse Iraq
1st semester as a D1 is OFFICIALLY DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected ;)
probably should change her current city from E. Lansing....
had a great time yesterday! it was nice seeing everyone <33
really f-in upset...
i wish it was summer, i want to go on a boat.
officially EMPLOYED!!!!! YEE!!!!
GETS TO SLEEP TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!
zynga,i m not able to sent season gifts to anyone via MAFIA..dunno what s the problm....but i keep recievin gifts from my matesm nd i get a bad feelin that i m not returnin the favour...sort t out..
And now all I have to do is pack! Hooray! One quarter down, two to go!
is sharing the secrets of the best products she has used lately. The InStyler- amazing hair, even with light mist outdoors. Urban Decay Primer Potion- I rub my eyes a lot and it still stays (wish it worked for mascara). Forever Makeup Aqua Eyes- gorgeous colors you will get tons of compliments, and it stays! Love to all :)
wla na koi kwarta
got twenty pounds of freshly-roasted chile today. Now my Subaru will have a delightfully spicy aroma for a week or two.
hears some sort of kitten meowing from 35,000ft and getting closer.....
wants to be like *PROPNAME* and do a monologue of all her thoughts and feelings. If only the audience were up to it. Hmmm...
They may want to take *PROPNAME* out of Christmas, but they can never take *PROPNAME* out of me. If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of *PROPNAME* then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world. Most people will be to ashamed or scared to do this. This was posted by a friend. If you agree, cut and paste to your wal
sometimes wonders (as much as I LOVE *PROPNAME*) if the whole NBC vs. *PROPNAME* fiasco is actually a ploy to boost ratings and get better guests for the tonight show... because, if so, it's working...
spent Monday night in a plie of leaves, 150 feet above Lake Superior.
Someday my skill set will be wanted.
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly
The only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from Chennai to Madurai...we didn't die...despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver. Surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs, pedestrians, bicycles, motos, cars or trucks...very surprising.
feels weird being in the library during Finals Week as a patron...
How do you find out your fucking color group?
is having a little bit of a post-haircut freak-out. (it's so short!! ah!)
Lovin' this Hawaiian pizza!
what's up PA inspection standards?
So it goes.
is convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 5:00PM he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.
guess what? fo yo birfday, instead of diamonds or flowers or any kindza real gift, you get my penis!
just found out Chinese New Year is on Valentine's Day... that makes two holidays I have no one to celebrate with... and no, I'm not sulking
Read about what's playing at the *PROPNAME* Union, dammit! http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d19-Adam
anotha day, anotha dolla
Finally Feels like Fall
rob zombie just disappointed me...never thought that would happen.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes and Madison Beach 6:30. Everything's casual.
knows he wants to be Canadian, please.
ahhh work is sooo slowww:[[[
Happy Thanksgiving. I'm Bored.
Merry Christmas & All The Love... *PROPNAME* ;o) xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Merry Christmas, everyone!
To understand how ridiculously excited I am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred miles effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen...then you might get close to scratching the surface. Maybe
Had an exciting day in the office, big lunch with the new team etc. the Office Manager is a real sweetheart, bit of tomboy attitude, rough but cordial.. I think I will fall in love with her.
Woo! *PROPNAME* gets back from New Mexico today! (Well, tonight)
Our personalities reflect the the environments we have lived in the past, which would also largely determine the ones we might live in.
is OVER THE WEATHER IN NEW YORK SHITTY.
stepped down from the last stage. But I won't say goodbye. Well done, *PROPNAME*:)
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
is a huge nerd and posting books on paperback swap:)
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own. Everybody has their private world where they can be alone. Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you...
i need formspring questions people!!
is wandering around San Francisco in the rain <3
CHALLENGE...In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! Put this on your page if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer. (93% won't copy and paste this, will you)
is wondering how much tiffin cake he needs to eat to get one of his five a day fruit portions
Mom just found out I'm an atheist and is trying to convert me. Ahahaha
needs to buy newer karaoke songs.
wants an ice cold beer!!
yay background check says I'm not a criminal
fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.
People should learn to leave messages...
is taking the trouble to blow her bubbles away.
bit my nails through that whole game... a wins a win though : )
needs to take fewer joys for granted
omg...finally got the next twilight book...yay!!
everyone is single if you're willing to try hard enough
biggest loser!!!! lol
partyin HB side with tools and my friends.
ugh that *PROPNAME* has the face of a nightmare...ewww
wonders how I keep getting convinced to make cupcakes...making mini vegan version of my bombay elvis cupcakes and trying out a mini red velvet and cream cheese with cabernet some how mixed in...I'll figure it out
is gone to flirt shamelessly with police officers at their Christmas party. Is there anything better than a man in uniform? WAIT! One with handcuffs :oP
4 jobs.
Making chocolate rasberry brownies...yum :)
thanks you all for the love so far. Please keep it up and watch my shit! i will post part 3 tonight. put the kids to bed before you watch it.
sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine...
will be at Monday Night Raw in Orlando tonight. I'll be the one promoting "Straight *PROPNAME*'s Man Slammin' Max-Out."
is climbing a tree in search of a fish.
"NOT THAT KIND OF ESCORT!!!" Hehehe.
"Ooooooh, I think I smell a rattttt"
It's official, we're #1! Best Dessert in LA! Thank you everyone for voting!
is a baller.
I think I just dreamt about trade and commerce...
kevin smith and halloween this wknd. shaping up to be a big one
is dying!!! HEEEEELPPPPP!!!!!
La pire Grey cup que j'ai vu à date!!!
is in love with a girl named *PROPNAME*... Damn that stuff is delicious.
I'm liking my new desktop computer and thankful that it is not giving me any grief thus far. :-) Shanah Tovah (Happy Jewish New Year)!
abandoning the library which could almost be confused with an ice box and going to grab some lunch with jessica... :) then back for a couple more classes...
argh y does everything need qualifications n not experience :(
Life s da best teachr..Ironically,som tough lessns r learnd whn life goes through da smoothst of da seas... 1 thought to share:If u want to win frends,make t a point to remembr all f thm.Often,we tend to care for da ones that r closest to us,nd by that way,we move farther away from da others.. Like someone said,friendship s like a china..beautiful in itself,but once broken,will leave traces even if its glued back..
is STFO.
Arghhhh. Work 2-10:30. ><
is already hard at work!
was handed a random baby at the Temple today for a photo opt...Happy Pongal.
I hate having laryngitis as a songleader. I want to be able to do my job, but I can't. :-(
Because you, oh Lord, are He who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things. All things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came. Blessing and honor and glory to you, oh Father. This is the song of my spirit...praising its origin. You. My God.
Internet downtime, ending procrastination since 1996.
So my dome light will not go out when I am driving, I actually reasched the problem myself and sent *PROPNAME* out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40...I cannot believe I was on a forum looking up car stuff...
Ok change of plans again, and back to Gekko.
is sad to see *PROPNAME* go, but very happy he was able to be here.
oh time for little anna nicole to take a bath...i love when her little face gets more "concern" wrinkles! too cute!
My pin: 24797c05
thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) Environmental physiology seems like a GREAT class!! :)
what is a gamora party??
*PROPNAME*, I saw BMW Accident with Nissan Sunny around EXPO this morn b4 service, Nissan seemed to get damage less. BMW no airbags came out, Nissan Airbags out. BMW passengers got injury... I know cos BMW driver dad's cell group friend... so... drive safe... =)
Black! P.S. DC tomorrow!
growing up is weird.
RIP NFL season.
This is the man cave, there's no women allowed in here. I got a jerk-off station for God's sake.
is DONE with writing her paper! now I just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://
Et un autre de partie..... Juste une question qui me trotte, on joue avec une équipe incomplète maintenant, on est supposé faire quoi là?
i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to DENVER!!!
I really really hope people dont start using "post-it" as a reason for loyality. Greys is getting stupid...
is at work then the mall then off to *PROPNAME*'s :o)
is disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventure
i am thankful for yams.
had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com
If I wasn't such a dork than I don't think I'd have the friends that I do. I love you guys.
just reliezed that devouring chinese food the night before a 6k test isn't the best choice of foods to have consumed if he wanted to do well on the test.
Owns a duplex.
will be downtown for the Urban Comedy Experience tomorrow. 8pm. Come out and laugh bitches.
is probably going to have to detox soon.
I am officially addicted to twilight! books and all!
walked by a full IV bag (complete with hose) in the gutter outside my apartment...
*PROPNAME* was going to teach me to levitate, but *PROPNAME* shot him with a Marshmellow gun.
As long as people are still having premarital sex with many anonymous partners while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound!
blah blah blah-blah blah blah blah
just cried like a small child for *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding. I want to marry *PROPNAME*...so beautiful
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
is getting everything to work out despite the drastic change in plans
<3's Hawaii
Pas de mauvaise nouvelle pour l'instant! Je présume donc que c'est une bonne chose!
downtown or international party? hmmm decisions decisions... one thing's for sure, no more studying for tonight :D
off to St. Louis. Back on Friday.
had a fantabulous week and would like thank all his SJ friends for making that happen. It was great to see all of you. :D
I can't get my pictures to rotate properly - lol - but Happy Valentine's Day to all! *PROPNAME* and I have been together since 2002 and were married in 2006 <3
I had pancakes for lunch. I'm gonna die young and fat :'(
Tasty Tasty *PROPNAME*
Leadership is no more confined to process, than writing is to format
I seriously wonder why her body decides now of all times to get sick.
wants to see a version of that *PROPNAME* story "Gift of the Magi" where one of the people receives a Bible, only to inform their friend that they sold their soul to Satan to buy them their gift.
beach!!!
cool we've got enough points on bejeweled 2 win the laptop, btw can i hav it if we do win :P
is beating people down in radford virginia this weekend. Be back monday. ^_^
What did I think of the movies 2009 had to offer? Read about it here. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d6-2009-Superlatives
"We are waiting, hopeful anticipation, we are waiting, come Lord come..." I can almost hear the Hallelujah chorus from Handel's Messiah!
had not realized the degree to which packing boxes is like putting together a puzzle in 3-D. Now it's much more fun!
day of phone dates with trappers & furbearer biologists... ooh baby!
...Solitaire is the shit. :P :D
is probably more territorial over her beer than her boy.
...getting some readings done for class. Work and class demain.
why? i am.
away to work, hope it aint to hot x
is liking the new job so far. Of course, the kids have yet to arrive...
Your toughness is made up of equal parts persistence and experience. You don't so much outrun your opponents as outlast and outsmart them, and the toughest opponent of all is the one inside your head
sooo many sidedishes like korean food.
civ pro, property, and torts... my three fun new friends.... :)
placed her first order (Chumby guts) to a shipping zip of 10014. Going to celebrate with Bibimbop and some Korean beer.
procrastination will get me in trouble one of these days.... :P
FREE SLURPEE DAY!!!
BET Awards tonight at 8
something is missing.
looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. My name is Captain *PROPNAME*
never relized how tiring it is to be social for exstended periods of time.
I officially have got nothing to do ... at all... like... seriously...
had a great time in the snow, seeing "Mr. Big" with *PROPNAME*and *PROPNAME*, and is happily relaxing now...but such a pity about *PROPNAME*. Live life to the fullest :)
Just got back from the first day of school! Was actually fun except for a few rules. I am looking forward to having fun in every class lol ...and...I'm a SENIOR w00t!
wants a fat little shetland pony who will complete missions for me...
Finally, one outline completely down...only 3 to go - and a long way to go at that. Next semester will be different, really!
is off to *PROPNAME*'s play reading in NoHo. It's gonna be the shit!
2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.
SO ugly and tired looking from finalsss, but I'm DONEEE =)
rain, tea, and jazz...sounds like a perfect night for writing :)
is beyond pissed at *PROPNAME* right now...
Borderlands, fantasy novel writing, and *PROPNAME*. Yeah, it's been a good day.
both times you plan to tell them that and fail each time, so you right one of the longest, heartfelt notes about them to show them the next time you're with them and when you finally find your grand chance to see them and maybe finally tell them that they've meant more to you than anyone else you've ever known you find out that they've just got into a relationship with someone else.
and her friend really need a DD for tonight. Any takers??? :)
w00t polls are closed, we won, and I'm getting a freaking cake!
is trying to get out of Beta too.
There are so many fucked up people because there are so many fucked up marriages or lack thereof.
So many good movies
Just got to know that my co-worker was going to call cops on me ,cause that person did not know that I was new to the work place. Fun huh?
"Banana cures your hangover. Hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. Bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects."
is in Chicago, yay! He still misses *PROPNAME*, though...
Oh no!!!! I have a class deep in the bowels of the LSC...I will die in the catacombs and never see sunlight again. I was lost underground in the LSC for an entire hour once :oS
i'm going off the grid sa. kapoy na ko.
this is just not my week
is SO excited for Freshman Dress!!!!!!!
Another week almost over? My, how they seem to fly! :) Can't wait for next week when *PROPNAME* is here and we can celebrate his birthday!
is about to lead an activity on Dating Etiquette...wish me luck.
is smoking a cigar to get warm.
nothing like having stuff stolen out of your car to brighten your day. Go humanity!
...no vaccine for me today :o( uurrg I wonder if I could fake being pregnant to get in line? Bahahaha probably not :oP Hopefully I can get the vaccine soon....friggin asthma!!!
was chased by veloceraptors for a good hour, at least.
Commercial narrator: "we're all searching for it. Most of us don't even know what we're looking for. But we all feel it, that unexplainable emptiness that can only be filled by one thing." Then they pan to the stars and the answer appears. Scientology. ri
MOVERAMA! part 5: Our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. Will our courageous cast live to see Novato, or will their new living quarters be the Marin County Home for The Destitute and Ill-At-He
Thinking about digging out the firepit for a post New Year's bonfire. Will folks be around// interested in putting together some sort of shindig?
im a monkey. i stink and pee freely often. yaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy
is happy to be home again. Just in time for the hava gorgo mishe.
should just become a chef.
first free weekend
just broke 200 pages :)
Really likes *PROPNAME*'s status and feels the same way :)
has finally ended orientation! That was fast... Perspectives in Social Science, Historical Methods, and Early Modern England will be my classes this quarter, it seems.
this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.
must read Asher Lev...grrrr....
GO Bears! Very Proud to BE BERKELEY ALUMNI! GO BEARS!
Writing a personal statement for graduate school...
had a dream come true! Last night I dreamt about eating a cinnamon bun, and today I ate a cinnamon bun!
won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours. :(
THREE DAYS TO CHRISTMAS!!!!!! <3 <3
is living with her personal trainer this week...Kapo, ab-ripper, kickboxing and cardio.
gone to charlotte for new years!
season 3 of dexter is keeping it pretty real
you know it was a good party when a Tasmanian Devil and Bumble Bee show up the next afternoon looking for their lost antennae...
when life gives you fall apples, eat them.
Looks like japan is drinking the Change kool-aid.
Life is so good! Medicine rocks and I am so proud of my man for his stellar performance review today. Here comes the first Latino Microsoft CEO, watch and wait.
I need a name for my sewing collection - ideas welcome :)
not feelin too good :(
i guess, time is not right . . .
Good to see Tahoe kids pulling some medals. Congrats *PROPNAME*!
Why would anyone want to screw over the Undertaker?
cannot speak due to throat pain. This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle. Hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around.
nothing...
in the final throes of Archland
Putting together my coverletter and resume...I think I can I think I can I think I can
first day in the ER tomorrow. intense!
the pigman would give YOU a ride if he had a car
"Over the river and to the woods to Boosha's house we go!"
thinks that it shouldn't take 4 phone calls to find out if you are picking up something for dinner or not.
I just received an AARP card in the mail...not sure what to think
...my doctor says I have "a cute virus"…or something like that Bahahahaha No H1N1 here…yet! Bath, lots of liquids and I might even take a nap. Need to get better for date night with *PROPNAME* tomorrow!
I'll take it...
Football all day...that's what I love about Sunday's
It's DOPPELGANGER Week. Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble (actor, singer, athlete, etc)...I have been told by multiple people that I look like *PROPNAME*. I guess it could be worse
is lost, but in 2010 hopefully she will find her way and is making a promise to put herself first :)
wow, I got d-r-u-n-k last night... hangover in full effect. mike gets in today, and I think we are all going to the lake. I might actually get a little sun... don't worry I'll have sunscreen =)
has a place to live in Seattle!
Something Wicked This Way Comes... ... o.o
Keep your fingers crossed that *PROPNAME* kept his germs to himself...
annoyed with the slow internet connection. :(
preparing for tryouts and the start of Steelers season . . . its that time of year again!
is making facebook better :D (no, not by leaving)
and the Downtown Comedy Club weekend of awesomeness continues tonight at 8.
longest day ever? Full day in hawaii + red eye flight to LA followed by 15 hours of rehearsal for The Sing-Off.... it's time to SLEEP!
just got home from shopping for our apartment with *PROPNAME*…I bought 600 thread count sheets and they feel like butter! ooooohhhhhh luxury sleep here I come :o)
Basketball is fun but we've lost two games and won two
is excited for the fair. Cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride them
sometimes when life sucks, you gotta get yourself a lollipop and suck back.
Let's talk about how much fun we had about fucking the world.
is wishing I didn't have to proctor an exam at 7:30 am on Monday...I hate mornings.
no sleep make brain work bad.
I don't know what's worse... Constitutional Law or having it at 8:40?
thinks one of her library nemeses is trying her own emergency tactic on her, namely, faking a horrendous cough to drive others away. Oh, it's ON, bitch!
is *PROPNAME*
actually excited to be up this early!
bahala na. wla jud ko sure kung ma.o ba ni ako report. :(
why has my status become a warzone.... @.@
FOOTBALL!!!!! first scrimmage today! its gonna be awesome!!!
really wants to take French and Arabic but then I really won't have any free time in the fall
To those with interest in international politics and policy I recommend : "THE POST-AMERICAN WORLD" By *PROPNAME* 3.84
loser mode. hahaha
happy christmass eve
Need to re-learn my patterns again... awesome...
i need to grow up.
Feeling better today, but 2010 is kicking my bootie! What a depressing two weeks...
off to the mountains to visit the peeps!
is headin downtown for some live music on this lovely sunday afternoon :)
Hands on the Bible
stx on friday hit me up if you want in....The greatest potential for control tends to exist at the point where action takes place.
Ohh finals week...Friday, please come quickly ://
is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://
Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves
I'm not the greatest; I'm the double greatest. Not only do I knock 'em out, I pick the round.
and *PROPNAME* the Hitman Hart are together again at last.
Hoidia celebro mi pertenencia a mas de 100 grupos! :D
Need.. more.. motivations.... motivate me motivate me... rawr
at school til 7:30 then home where I will hopefully get to watch ANTM from last night
breaking the internet
but the good thing is that today, i fired all my rounds .. so, i'll hav to drive to town to fetch the next set f cartridges today coz, u kno, ive got nothin else to do tomorrow.....obvously,if life goes like this,1K rounds per year limit is way too far that, it'll seem like a tiny dot....
It's freaky. My brother's only two inches off me. Eh, he still has freakishly large feet. I can live happy with that abnormality even if it's not accompanied by a 5'4" frame.
IAP - A, FYP - B... lols.... GPA still seems safe... =)
butterflies in my stomach :$
Girl 1: Eeew! It's all blue and jiggly! Girl 2: I can't get it out! ~I heard this today in the *PROPNAME* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :P
bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!
"The greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy, to drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather into your bosom his wives and daughters."
At last! House...
not gonna be facebooking much tonight...
I love chaos, for most are consumed by it, blind to its hidden beauty, allowing me excludibility to revel at its magnificence.
cheer up emo kid
going with Eric to see Flickan som lekte med elden.
is going to visit Warwick Castle in the morning and spend the afternoon in Stratford-upon-Avon... you know you're jealous :) I am thoroughly enjoying my time in England (despite the tragidy of having my purse stolen on Saturday) and will miss it terribly
is going to the Dodger game!
is stealing his net by the lake
I love PSU!
has to put off the procrastinating till later...it's time to get shit DONE. but then again, it won't be procrastinating once the shit is done...it'll just be straight chillin. can't wait!
After spending time on watching Code Geass instead of doing my PW... I realised... that is was soooo worth it... Best Anime Show Ever... Fuck The Ending... ugh...
Not going to work today...i have a laker game to watch, very important. priorities, priorities.
GOT A JOB!!!! yesssssss : ) : ) : )
Wow, that was a great game - even if *PROPNAME* did lose. Hope the 1 v. 2 game tonight is that good.
i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will. time to face reality.
oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...
"How about a nice game of strip Global thermonuclear war?"
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday. ~Author Unknown
would love to sleep, but *PROPNAME* writes too damn well!!!
is re-evaluating...again
"So come on, get higher; loosen my lips. Faith and desire in the swing of your hips, just to pull me down hard, and drown me in love..." ? Best song ever. :)
Happy National Penguin Awareness Day! (I may be international at the moment, but at least this city is appropriately desaturated.)
please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..
I think one of my gerbils had a stroke...Poor little guy! After I put the food and water next to her she perked up a little, but she still is moving weird and falling over...
wants to get out of Hyde Park.
I like where we are. here :)...except...where's my julie?????? :(((. I don't like where we are anymore...
Check it out... :-) http:////www.facebook.com//event.php?eid=275183520261&ref=mf
im so bored today..... im always bored... i dont know why... hmmm
wonders whether love can bloom, even on a battlefield.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. *PROPNAME*
As much as I love Twlight (Team Taylor!), it is just me, or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow! I guess taking kids period, with the attacks and sexual stuff....
little things give you away.
"when i become secretary of state, ill recommend you to the president for something cushy, like chief of mission to the duchy of luxembourg. or, if you piss me off between now and then, you're getting somalia" -MH
Negative A blood urgently for a little girl at the Rainbow ward suffering from a stomach tumour. Could you please make an announcement at your respective lists to see if anyone could donate. This is a rare blood group. If you have anyone, they need to urg
SNOW on Geneva
got some blisters in the garden today.
HOLLER FOR GOOD GRADES!!!! woo hoo!
About to go open source because Windows is <random expletive>.
Yawn.
Lets go STATE!! 8-0 BABY!
is making CDs and making out with *PROPNAME*.
"The star burnned like a flame, pointing the way to God, the King of kings; the wise men saw the sign and brought their gifts in homage to their great King." "Seeing the star, the wise men said: This must signify the birth of some great king. Let us search for him and lay treasures at his feet: gold, frankincense, and myrrh."
is excited to see her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
just turned in her Master's project and is finally done!!!
*PROPNAME*, t'es une belle ordure!!!! Selon moi, t'as sanction.... T'ES BANI DE LA LHJMQ!!!! Tu mérite juste ça toi pis les autres estie de cave de ton genre!!!!!!! Merci de salir l'image du hockey sur la scène nationale mais aussi internationale!
is lonely.
research meeting, school until 7:30, then *PROPNAME*'s house.
s toenails look neon in the sun, but grungie in the shade...don't get yellow! LOL
law school... you are not too much fun today... December 18th, please come soon...
2 classes down...one essay to go. Almost done for the semester!
is chillin chillin like a villain straight up out the ghetto mo fo... ...had to re-bust out that line at some point.
just tried kimchi and suchi! :D
And the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? It came without ribbons. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled and puzzled ’till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn’t before. What if Christmas, he thought, doesn’t come from a store. What if Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.
Read about where you can see some vampires.http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d26-ALL-VAMPIRES-ALL-WEEK
omfg facebook, I don't give a shit about who joined what group or who became a fan of...whatever! Lame lame lame...
to take, hold, or steal your heart. a person who is a soulmate. a good lover
Found a feather sticking out of his Wendy's chicken nugget....at least now we know it's made from a bird right?
*PROPNAME* and I unpacked, cleaned//organized our home :o) Now we have clutter-free space and even our kitchen looks bigger! Wait until you get home Shelly-Bean and see our neat place :o)
First day of school = tired + scared for when real work comes.
loves coffee more than LOL Catz love cupcakes. And unlike LOL Catz, I'm not inbred//illiterate. I am 68% retarded, however, but that's mostly because I drool.
is *PROPNAME* for the next week. If no one hears from me for awhile, start reading the Denver Post.
Back into playing DDO. Anyone interested in joining in hit me up on aim
...it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter…I am noticing a pattern with this weather.
Time to write. Yes. :)
Pineapple
Funniest thing happen to Roman Polanski :D LOL
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
thinks everyone should have goals...just don't judge me for mine ;)
is sick =(
NYC on 8//18!!!!!!!!
it's Alive! No more flu & at work.
wants to be like the cute old couple on third avenue who sit outside, rain or shine, together happily watching people walk by...
ridiculous!
Steelers, Steelers, Steelers
misses Ithacan winters. Hot weather sucks. Chicago better be a freezer.
first evening in Shang hai..
Hamro Bai haru laai... bhai tikako dherai dherai subhakaamana....:)
has just finished watching the Wire, and it was awesome.
is home and catching up on facebook :)
chicago for spring break in early march? should i?
Feliz Navidad! XDXD
saw the official end of the New England Era. Amen.
"don't trip, know i'll always be by your side. keep your chin up and smile. stay positive, it is what it is..oh my oh my, look on the bright side"
did not expect to see snow, whilst planting daffodil bulbs.
thinks they should add tomacco as a crop on farmville.
is a bit stressed
is filling up boxes and boxes and soon I'll get in one too.
had enough of this memo today, almost done! Reading a good book until sleep... Can't wait until home on Tuesday... It's going to be a great week!
is stepping back into the Urban Comedy Experience this Wednesday. Downtown stand up!
is expecting... but doesn't know the bunny daddy.
I love vacation. Tomorrow we're going to the beach :)
just finished drill...8 people fell out
has another show maybe! With *PROPNAME* maybe!!!
coffee, music and home-made pizza.
We got your back Harry "Healthcare" Reid
Surprise Me
Man imposes his own limitations, don't set any
doesn't actually condone vigilante justice...I really shouldn't skip lunch anymore...
has finished
Shutter Island got pushed back to February. I'm sort of thankful because that's $8 less I have to spend this semester.
yay halloween!
packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.
is looking forward to tonight!
RIP Raccoon in my driveway this morning :-(
Yay for adventures.
suspects that this nightly coffee + Dexter combo isn't the best for her heart.
just received an extra 360 kb of storage for his computer in the form of a 5 1//4" floppy from the guy near me who's retiring. It's going to come in handy for that extra 20 seconds of music that won't fit on my hard drive.
the gods are angry today
About the clutter. *PROPNAME* and I are playing Farmville. This generates messages on Facebook, messages that are of no interest to anyone not playing. To stop seeing this clutter, follow these steps: point your mouse at one of the offending items. The word "hide appears in the upper right. Click the word "hide". Additional options appear. Click "Hide Farmville." You still we see any of our other items.
Graduation Pictures Are STUPID Expensive...So just buy 1 of the smallest pictures and then copy them later...IT IS WAY CHEAPER.....
is trying to do her chem lab but keeps getting distracted by this
going Salsa dancing tonight... hope I don't embarrass myself :)
ugh...thursday can not come fast enough
I want to travel anywhere..
How does that kind of fallen even happen that quickly?
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes
*PROPNAME*. The spice of life. Apparently its one of my signature strengths :). How can I help make your life more adventurous today? Thank you, Lord, for making me salt and light.
<3 baking cookies
Happy new year everyone from the other side of the earth for real now!
All see's became Spy's in my pirate profile yarr
they call me MR. PIG!!!! AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! i love the lion king
is nervous about getting cavities filled for the first time ever tomorrow:( The up side is that it probably isn't as bad as repair work from stepping on a shovel;) There I feel a bit better now!
Back States' Side :-( What a wonderful trip :-)
dislikes packing.
Working from home is da' bomb.
Well, I think he has the flu, but it is basically impossible to tell if he has the swine flu
put in work again last night at the Pig N Whistle. Thakns to those who came. Next week, he should be hosting.
Today's goal: wash and put away all the dishes and utensils in Casitas 8. Oh snap.
will soon fall into ETS's GRE trap ~
better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.
"Today you courted beauty and a thousand fishes rained at your feet. How do you feel?"
sore from moving last night...wind-burnt on my face and hands (I am so sexy bahahaha). FINALLY back in our apartment!...and leaving the mess to go home for the holidays :o) Working 9:30am-12:30pm running home to get *PROPNAME* then running to the shuttle and heading to Inverness @1:15pm :o) If we miss the shuttle you will see us sleeping on Spring Garden :oP...hummm cab to the shuttle it is!!!
going on a run
its going to be a boiling, yet beautiful day
T-6 days til St. John and leaving *PROPNAME* til March. I just realized how weird this feels.
coffee, memo-writing//editing, and grey's//private practice...
nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst
Last day of school until the New Year!! (3 days!)
is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (*PROPNAME*'s French accent is SCARY).
ok I can either spend a day in D.C. 2//17 or stay overnight in LA 2//16...thoughts?
has gone over to the dark side..
My inability to wash up properly means that nobody trusts me to do it :)
He who strikes first, strikes twice.
If you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. It can be anything you want! When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.
4 inches of rain in the last 36 hours, with more to come. (Normal is 8 inches per year.) Plus there is snow on the mountains.
Good god the volleyball game was amazing! Congratulations to all the players for a great game! btw I would also like to add that our cheering tonight was crazy for only like 10 kids lol
is being fabulous in California
Just another day...
One final down, two to go :)
In Cal for one day then back out to see the family in Portland. Vagabonds R Us
REALLY doesn't feel good and REALLY wishes her boss (who even acknowledged that I'm sick) would send her home.
any cougars in ross?
Is back in Chicago!
eating chilly... yum =D
According to a certain oil//gas industry recruiter, 3.4 < 3.0.
where can I find current episodes of Top Chef online? (if they can be found online) I'm so behind :(
is so excited for Hageman's wedding! My former roomie is all grownsd up. :)
is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side:(
What's up, Cheese Apple? Your warm, cheesy, buttery, and tart deliciouness? That's what I'm talkin about ;)
Woke up late and didn't get to eat breakfast today -sad- I'm so hungry...
is on Kiawah Island having an amazing vacation with her favorite person!!
East Lansing : -21 C (feels like) Pullman : -14 C (Feels like) Damn you East Lansing.. I shall have my revenge!
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 2010! Welcome to the future!
Fixed her computer speakers!!! Feel free to send her sweet youtube videos :-)
feels the sleepy, its not even late yet.
is wishing her sister, *PROPNAME*, a Happy 19th birthday!!
is soon to become a member of the con club!! Whoop!
"In the absence of orders, find something and kill it." -*PROPNAME*
just rolled out of bed, not sure what the plan for the day is yet. but who really cares? i'm just happy to be going along for the ride
Aah, the novelty of clipping coupons.
MJ died :(
Sick - bleh :(
is so excited!! His sister is engaged and is getting married in July!!
I've had better...
listening to some VERY odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it...
*loves the irony* I've been fine for months... Today I feel like Death warmed up... I leave in 13 hours. :S
got a bronze medal for the mps run!
has a cold:(
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. ~*PROPNAME*
Dreams permit each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives
good times in the mountains. Now I return to do battle with the nefarious arch-villain monday
run *PROPNAME*, run! (the loggers are coming)
Little Chilly!
was annoyed with the state of LA for sending a notice that my car policy was cancelled on 11//20//2009 even though that is just my renewal date and they lost the info my insurance company sent...oh and it took them 2 months to do something about it. My grumpiness was fixed by talking to the rep at Progressive. She was friendly and talkative, like a less annoying version of the girl on the commercials. Thanks *PROPNAME*!
can't believe she's leaving the lodge in the morning after two years.... its the end of an era :( *PROPNAME* I love you forever!!!
There is genius in persistence. It conquers all opposers. It gives confidence. It annihilates obstacles. Everybody believes in a determined man. People know that when he undertakes a thing, the battle is half won, for his rule is to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.
feels the need to say something deep and profound, but its very late and he is tired from his workout today. With those conditions this is the best he's got.
MOVERAMA! Final Act: Despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of Novato!
got a literal ant in her pants!!!!!!!!!!!! (It bit her omg?!?!?!!)
is trying to figure out something super amazing to do on her last two days off...
Maybe we will also go out as a huge goup and trick-or-treat :) If you need directions just ask me in a message.
is leaving Manila in a few hours for Nice, France...
Thanks for all of the Birthday wishes, I had a great day!
just needs to make it through Thursday.
needs to fight off this cold o_O
Acquazzone monsonico a BCN... ed io con gli infradito!!!!!! ...
dear weekly quiz, r u F kidding me?
Poor little Wolverines...at this rate the NIT is a goal!! Look at your sad little glum faces...
getting organized
relaxing at Chapel Ridge Pool...call me if you would like to join. 252-646-3927!
just thought that you would know you're a god, and she is not.
great ending to 09 and awesome beginning of 2010! :) have a very happy new year all
You all are going to party at my funeral because mourning is for suckers.
As much as I like our family's mechanic, I really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... :(
uuummmmmmmmmm all men should learn how to dance before they are allowed to have sex with women :o) I love men!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and the time he finally took a sick day.
Screw you AXLE
buy my car! http:////hartford.craigslist.org//cto//1471852203.html
another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!
...my parents are re-confirming that they are totally nutso... :-)
Flight delayed by freezing temperatures in China, but arrived safely!
An existence of polemic bad ideas can cause considerable damage to society.
It's a new year. Five years since I've graduated and I still feel like a loser. Thank you Sabumnim.
JUST MADE Civic Jazz Orchestra!!!
TOMORROW MOCAP CLASS 4-6PM @ COMPUTER LAB! PASS THE MESSAGE TO ALL PEOPLE TAKING MOCAP TMR! FROM MS EDA. DESOC: E-LEARNING TOMORROW DUE TO OPEN HOUSE! CHECK EMAILS!
Dude, get with the program.
packing... cleaning... and wiping the little nose...
Dobré ráno
Happy Valentine's Day!
. . . doing me. . . you do you. . .
is sick of starting letters with "dear." My friends are more than dear, I'm using different adjectives from now on. "Anti-Establishment *PROPNAME*, how are you? Signed, *PROPNAME*." Screw you, convention!
no longer has a huge pile of washing
The lizard known as The Tropical Thunder, passed on monday night. He perked up after the leg fix, but he was already too far gone from neglect at the pet store.
"Its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"
I know this is old news, but I don't think *PROPNAME* could be more annoying or less funny.
wants it to be 5 already, seeing houses tonight.
In the murder mitten...it is cold! Also HAPPY 11th BIRTHDAY MAX! no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppy
Curled up on the couch watching movies with *PROPNAME* :)
would you believe I forgot to enter the football lottery?
is an INTJ. Horray for a lack of social skills!
Perseid Meteor Shower
I was totally freaked out tonight while driving home with Janice at 12am. The black coupe next to me matched my speed even though I was going fast and then he continued to match me speed as I slowed down. So I turn to look at the driver of the car and he's wearing a mask. A rubber mask reminiscent to freddy cruger. 0_0 I almost had a heart attack. I then slowed down a lot and he continued on... oh my goodness...
So many words and faces... So many different voices... Where do they lead...
got his hair cut at 2 today. He just now hopes that he can replicate the hairstyle half as well as the stylist.
Got a painful reminder of why I REALLY dislike my little sister...and why I have to keep my room locked at all times...
tryin' to keep the streak alive
STFO
sold back my school books for $138.75! =)
preparing exam papers!! Vive les vacances!!!
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
is at work...School on the 10th and I am so excited! *PROPNAME* is home :o) Life is good.
Off to Cornell for a week of probability.
is regretting eating so much chocolate as he is feeling a tad ill...
Goodbye *PROPNAME*.
For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, "It might have been"
is anyone home in this ghost town?
is making some grub
chem and then im done with classes for the day
"So maybe it's true that I can't live without you, and maybe two is better than one..."
Going to have my emmissions tested, want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it! Also running other errands...
just had a wonderful chat with *PROPNAME* on the phone and is about to start making dinner:)
Mammo, ultrasound and biopsy, oh my! To quote *PROPNAME*....."Man, I feel like a woman"....except I'm not thinking that is what she meant.
One more class, then meeting up with mama to go wedding dress shopping :), then home for the weedend!
has the same feelings about Up in the Air as Homer did about the three little pigs animatronics at Storytime Village. "That was good... but not great."
can't sleep, feeling creative
one more robot learns to be something more than a machine.
When doing your Christmas cards, take one or more and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o *PROPNAME* Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL)
I knew I shoulda scrapped my cosplay hours ago and claimed the sleep. my mum just laughed at me. Gyah!!!!!
And the cabin fever begins.
The devistation in Haiti is heartbreaking, I cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water, and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate...I really hope there is not violence when resources are exahusted
lesson planing
…back to work//school and feeling exhausted :oS Hope I am not getting sick!
im so fuckin pissed off
was enjoying my morning shower until one of those stupid Saints remixes came on the radio. I'm all for that kind of thing when I actually go to games, but I'm sick of hearing it in regular rotation on the radio.
has left the country. Enough poker at the WSOP, time to travel around a bit!
20-26 NICE!!!
wishes he and his friends could burst into random song and dance like in musicals...
In the lab finishing up my human sexuality paper (hopefully), then french class at 12:50 and then work 3:30 to close.
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head. When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!
me thinks I'm healthy
9//11 I still remember what I was doing, doying a delivery at Place *PROPNAME*!!!1
That is a problem. That is not trusting the nowness properly that what is the actual experience now possesses a lot of powerful things. It is so powerful that we can't face it. Therefore, we have to borrow from the past and invite the future all the time. Maybe that's why we seek religion. Maybe that's why we march in the street. Maybe that's why we complain to society. Maybe that's why we vote for the presidents.
I need to tell people I'm single more often. Two girls talk to me in less than 24 hours. That's like twice as many in the last week. Wow. I feel special. That's why I ride the short bus.
And we can live in a beautiful world hide away under peaceful skies. We can survive on time and a word feel the nights passing by.
love looks not with the eye but with the mind and therefore, is winged cupid painted blind?
last work for 2009 ready!! now starting my nye :) have a very happy new year all.. may it bring you all that you wish for
is filling his diaries with references to dinosaurs and Bigfoot. This way, when the world ends and future historians have only my diary for primary sources, they'll think that at least the world was awesome before it ended. If you care about tricking the future into believing our era was the awesomest ever, I encourage you to do the same. Together, we can do it!
Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN!!! what the frick internet!
*has to call the helpdesk for my mobi carrier* to do that I have to charge my phone and to do that I need to find an adaptor. *sigh* why is this holiday so complicated. If it's not one thing that's gone missing, it's another. Or not knowing something that
tired
feels like doing things is hard.
busy...always
One month without a cigarette!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Be content to seem what you really are. *PROPNAME*
"OMG...The new SIMS is soooo cool...You can even make friends and stuff..."- my very lonely friend...
migraine...ugh
Happy merry Christmas friends.
A bit mean...but damn funny Sarchasm : The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it.
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for? p.s. Thank you to everyone who could make it out to Novi to watch me test or to celebrate at the banquet afterward - it really means a lot to me.
Bloody Mondays..
Pre-Birthday Happy Hour, Tonight, O'sheas, 5:30ish to whenever. I realize it's late notice, come if you can manage.
is surrounded by candy
anyone ever rebuild a raid array before and have tips? I've got two drives of a raid 1+0 (one from each pair i think), that need to have data recovered. Trying different recovery software at the moment (ufs recovery atm), but happy to have any advice.
is hoping this week will be better than the last.
I'm out from tomorrow 'til Friday.
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*, you will be missed...
Hey All The Good Old Tahoma Lodge now has a fan page. Please join to support Boyce and Kay, or to remember the good times.
Today is an off day... thank goodness it's almost over! maybe some gym time at around 7:30 or 8? anyone... anyone?
is gonna miss *PROPNAME*'s Illin' With the Will-Man until its Fall comeback.
@ the library. listenin 2 music. otherwise really bored.
i don't feel like studying this semester AT ALL.
wishes he were in Ithaca. : (
Where are you now?
Jäg äslkar sverige! D-4
is sitting in an English garden, waiting for the sun.
is settling down for the end of an amazing summer.
Leaving Manitoba Wednesday morning... Not looking forward to it! :(
needs to learn how to be diurnal & studious.
restless...
Damn sense, always getting in my way.
Happy Father's Day to the Old Man and the rest of you Dad's out there!
"I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments."
Well, I didnt see that coming...
omg. SHOOT ME.
does anyone have HOPE, coach abel?
is a lady of leisure...
i got rear-ended b4 i rear-ended someone...surprising.
mmm peppermint mocha coffee creamer:)
once again, watching glee instead of doing my homework
<3 boarding at the beach :)!
EPIPHANY : Two shots of JAMESON'S can do WONDER'S to your experiments beyond your wildest imagination :D
walked from S:t Eriksplan to Gamla stan (after a work-out), around Gamla stan, and back via Sodermalm//Kungsholmen. Stockholm is beautiful!!
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
PONY!
is hoping someone has a red dress I can borrow for wednesday
IL neige..... pas déjà!
IM football, Southside...life is good
hanging out with *PROPNAME* :)
Me + Exams = Epic Phail ~.~
research, psych quiz, homework, cog psych, and then *PROPNAME*'s for the night.
is glad the week is pretty much half over.
I MISS CAMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
picking her nose. ooo gold rush up there!
4boys+2girls+VEGAS=Wild and fun weekend!!!! :D
loves 3rd Rock from the Sun reruns
had the worst surf session of my life!
reads [sic] as a big fat underline under a grammatical mistake someone else made.
"I have a ship and a fighting crew and a girl with lips like wine, and that's all I ever asked. Lick your wounds, bullies, and break out a cask of ale. You're going to work ship as she never was worked before. Dance and sing while you buckle to it, damn you! To the devil with empty seas! We're bound for waters where the seaports are fat, and the merchant ships are crammed with plunder!"
I bleed articles for your wholesale. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d22-New-Movies-Woo
...hopes that Canada sends some help to Port-Au-Prince Haiti today
wonders why boys never talk to me
chemistry is like being punched in the brain.
And now I am covered in glitter...
will be going home today!
is watching movies.
Let's go Cowboys!
*PROPNAME* makes me wanna be a Republican.
I hate the expression "What makes him tick." It is the American mind, looking for simple and singular solution, that uses the foolish expression. A person not only ticks, he also chimes and strikes the hour, falls and breaks and has to be put together again, and sometimes stops like an electric clock in a thunderstorm
this one time i tried to punch lara and i accidentally scratched my face. basically i failed miserably.
is thrilled that his son *PROPNAME* and wife *PROPNAME* are expecting!
headed to bed with my centipede.
Pumpkin soup is glorious.
is not happy that our A//C is not working. Grrrr
The Portuguese pronounce X like SH? Damnit, is it THEIR fault Romanized Chinese does the same? I always wondered who to blame for that.
2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :)
4 publications in 10 years, yo I can divide// That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due// One was - NAHHH, the other was in the Journal of Mathematics// That's a one hot publication every ten year average// And that's so - LAAAAAAAME!
is leaving work for some down-time before dance(!!!).
has learned that standing in front of her open refridgerator and freezer doesn't make any of her food look any more appetizing, but it does start defrosting the food in her freezer.
bruno anyone?
has a choice...
Composing a script for greek sing....will most definitely be epic!
a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis. absolutely wonderful night!
wistfully working
can't sleep.
is having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerds
So, my tickets for Saturday's Spartan wallop of the *PROPNAME* are in the mail, I should have them tomorrow...Does anyone want to go see U2?
I couldn't focus and *PROPNAME* was really annoyingly antsy, so we decided to take a walk and we both feel much better. Now shower and memo-writing time...
:))))))))
is home from work, lunch then classes until 7:30pm. Feeling so run-down…wish I could trade body’s or immune systems with someone. Might find out what is wrong with me soon! Waiting for another CT scan.
The deepest principle of human nature is the craving to be appreciated... the flaming urge for the feeling of importance.
*PROPNAME* was AAAWWWEEESSSOOOMMMEEE!!!!!!! I would go see his show live over watching it on TV any day!
is energized by super last minute flights, and very grateful to *PROPNAME*'s mother.
Fight one more round. When your arms are so tired that you can hardly lift your hands to come on guard, fight one more round. When your nose is bleeding and your eyes are black and you are so tired that you wish your opponent would crack you one on the jaw and put you to sleep, fight one more round – remembering that the man who always fights one more round is never beaten
Does anyone have malarone (anti-malaria med) that they don't need?
Happy 4th of July People!
Thanksgiving in 2 days but I'm more excited about Christmas already! >< ? ............. damn it....
walked out of her house and onto a movie site this morning...."CUT!!!"...she said sorry and hurried out of the way....wow the lights were so bright!
looking forward to LADIEZ NIGHT at Smitty's :D
Look back and thank God. Look forward and trust God. Look around and serve God. Look within and find God. God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close. If you need God to open some doors for you, pray and repost...
doing the walk through with the landlord today. An epic battle of wills commences
well survived the city and SFO in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good day
still feeling it
Storm Clouds and Dirty Windows
have a merry christmas, un joyeux noel, un buon natale, feliz navidad u il-Milied it-tajjeb! for all of you who don't celebrate Christmas, may you have a great day full of peace and happiness :)
Nothing like a Basketball win to lift the spirits...
asa man nako ma kit.an ang malleus maleficarum?
had a solid set tonight at Wild Wednesdays. Get ready for the long version Friday and Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club!
watch "The Age of Wal-Mart" on CNBC
@otakon. Be back in the real world at some point in the far far future.
is trying to figure out my next travel plans...where, with who, how long, when, etc
happy new year! night night! I have to work in 7 hours! <3
Goodbye *PROPNAME*. :(
can decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey??? leaning canada....
just calculated my carbon foot print...SICK!
stuffy nose. grr...
Has no respect for anyone that doesn't understand the danger of being hit by a line drive. (Ahhhh torts).
wants to join the circus or pack parachutes
i miss my sister.
in a moment, something poked him in an infuriatingly private place.
still has a moustahce.
just typed "loves 30 Rock so much it hurts sometimes" into the FB search box. I think I'm hemorrhaging brain cells at this point.
is putting all her eggs in one basket, counting her chickens before they are hatched, and pausing to inspect the angle and shape of a gift horse's incisors.
Happy Valentine's day everybody! And especially to my sweet fiancee (with two "e's"), *PROPNAME* , who makes this day very very special for me! Hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the one you love in your arms. I'd give both of my arms just to see my love right now.
wishes everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving. I get to make the stuffing and turkey, *PROPNAME* gets the other stuff.
Enjoying the nostalgia of fall...
had an amazing night last night, in spite of the fact that she was literally falling asleep on her feet.
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!! (Too busy for life and facebook this week)
You know in Spiderman where he wakes up, puts on his glasses and realizes he doesn't need them anymore? Yeah, I had that today then I realized I had my contacts on. -.-
Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. Oh what fun it is to die in many horrible ways. Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. hey. May you all be touched by his noodly appendage during these holy days.
i'm on keeli's side...call me high school! LOL
I get on the road to Tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking about
is praying for a phone call from the doctors saying the neurologist accepted his referal and will see him soon.
My God, I just got so much homework done. I should not have class everday.
needs to FOCUS!!!!!
kind of digging the weird weather today
bored
is at work until 1pm then maybe selling a book? Off with *PROPNAME* after that!!!!!
If you seek a pleasant peninsula...
ah...end of the semester & a rly long week. these are the best fridays
can't wait for Ithaca tomorrow :-)
wants you to come to his fucking show tonight. 7:30. Pig N Whistle.
is making things happen!
needs the internetz at her new house...
s spleen is healing nicely but she still can't feel her fingertips on her left hand. she also wishes the nurses' assistants weren't so incompetent... one helped me to the toilet this morning then left and never came back to help me back into bed (which i
visited the Martinu museum.
is loving girls night out for *PROPNAME*'s bday!
Dropping off some resumes today...I am feeling good mojo!
attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
is moving yet more wood!
<3's dancing
s landlord brought someone to do work on my apartment and he totally recognized my place from tv...lol, I guess that's more of my 15 minutes...<3
Maybe it was a seisure? She seems ok today, no weird movements, eating and drinking, and her cagemate is acting normal...I read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick...
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!
wonders if the electric eel would make a good spirit animal.
is trying to figure out the tornado winds outside right now. This is LA people. Let us not forget.
"To take from one because it is thought that his own industry and that of his father's has acquired too much, in order to spare to others, who, or whose fathers have not exercised equal industry and skill, is to violate arbitrarily the first principle of association -- the guarantee to every one of a free exercise of his industry and the fruits acquired by it."~*PROPNAME*
Goals for the next 11 months: (1) Rock the fuck out of the LSAT (2) Run under 3 in the marathon (3) Get into a baller law school (4) Buy a BMW Z4 (5) Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia anyone???
best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.
Dream as if you have forever. Live as if you only have today
"Hey don't smoke that Tijuana it'll make you crazy," my grandma... hehehhe :)
<3's my friends
Jay-Z in a tux at the American Music Awards... Priceless
From All of Us to All of You a Very Merry Christmas :) !!!!
wants to practice her markswoman skills. Wonders if there are any archery classes in this neck of the woods ... D------ -
is looking at old travel pictures...uh oh...
is determined to find the right tattoo and its placement
Fun( baiting Russian trolls) > Fun( baiting generic trolls)
I find it interesting that I cannot reply to comments on *PROPNAME*'s page without entering my phone number. A neighbor of mine received threatening calls from a conservative group after voicing her opinion at a rally. How they got her number I do not know but I wonder if the same would have happened to me if I entered my number... Scary stuff
stunning teletubbies and making them feel pain is sooooooooooooo fun
just finished her last quarter at UCSB. Crazy.
Homecoming was awesome! i loved getting that tackle!! i wanna play again.....
wow *PROPNAME*.. i gotta steal this from you for those friends of mine who are not in your list: "Fight for it! Don’t give up no matter how hopeless it seems right now, even when you’ve lost hope and angry, because years from now your gonna look back and wish you gave it one more shot -BECAUSE THE BEST THINGS DONT COME EASY"
s library nemesis has answered her pine nut brittle with chips, a paper lunch bag, and a thinly-veiled apology for his "snack attack." Touché, library nemesis, touché.
Why are people from NeW Jersey so proud of being from New Jersey?
is awsome. Period.
I've finally gotten around to uploading all of my Japan pictures so far. I know there are an unbelievable amount of them (forgive me, I love taking pics), but enjoy them!
haha.. I kick ass at dirty scrabble
If life gives you lemons - make grapejuice. Then sit back and let people wonder how you did it.
KLo ftw!
Is back
What makes *PROPNAME* so special!! He is a QUITTER! Watch out *PROPNAME*...
I did not realize that *PROPNAME* (the guy from "to catch a predator") went to MSU, that is actually pretty cool. He is a bad ass in a turtleneck!
take care of yourself oi,. :D
just saw the season finale of dexter. Holy shit.
Congratulations *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!!!!
B'lore..here I come...
Once uppon a nightmare. :D
lingaw ako report sa 109. yey :p
thinks imperfections are lovely.
is stoked bc a big grocery store, a nice gym, and a pinkberry (best after workout carbs ever..) are all within 1 block of my penthouse in Ipanema. Not to mention the beach is a few blocks away. I am about to go to all those places and then the beach... I'm in heaven
My co-workers just 'bumped' - Love iPhone entertainment!
Hopefully this week will not kick my butt...I don't think I can take it again
elephant tea, deeply disappointed in your flavor. lipton you are rubbish stick to soup
wishes the weekend would never end =)
will NOT under any circumstances attend a Spring Weekend concert headlined by Dashboard Confessional.
Hot 97 is finally streaming online. Sweet.
is depressed and beautiful.
Someday
is happier today. Today was better. She talked to her supervisor, and an amazing thing happened...things got better. Oh and life is good with Thai food. YUMMY!! I love you....
...And I Sleep
i just want today to be over already...
this whole not really traveling in January was the worst idea ever
goin to the dmv... woohoo!
just another lovely sun filled day in phoenix:)
Christmasing :)
needs a new hobby
is flying through the Sookie Stackhouse series :oP Loved the last book I read "Club Dead" but "Dead to the World" is not impressing me yet at page 110...urg!
homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!
is out of Petaluma in a month and down to novato. Camp Lotsafun is shutting down :(
here we go again...luckly I work at a school that may close for the chance of snow
went to *PROPNAME*'s house (brother) for cedar-smoked walleye, yummy salad and potatoes, white wine and to see the International fireworks competition display-- tonight was a great presentation by China. :)
is off to otakon once i get out of work.
Is it more funny or more funnier? I dunno use it in a sentence. It was just more funnier...
baking pies and cleaning the house before going to a *PROPNAME* family Christmas party!
off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.
is feeling a lot better... slowing things down and taking a deep breath really does a world of good
i may not understand you fully but i learn something new about you everyday. thats all that matters. :D
the tax man cometh
is ready to begin his day fueled with the power of french toast! Readings: prepare to be read...
pain is painful.
STOKED FOR MOTLEY CRUE ON SATURDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got my battle rattle ready
Bergeron qui nous fais un Fosberg!!!! Débile
Had a great game night with the family...we should do that more often when I am home...next time with drinks!
is designing a mausoleum. Go Halloween.
The "Full House" home is on the market for 4 mil. I wonder if being fetured in the show increased its value
had a great time tonight!!
I am wrecked, I am overblown...
Go Iowa!
is going to get off her ass and actually be productive today!
The King of Pop is dead. :(
might have to trade in bastille day celebrations for a nice quiet night in my apartment...if anyone wants to hang tonight let me know.
Like everyone else, my poor *PROPNAME* is sick... wish I was there to take care of him... :(
is eating a yummy watermelon
I am glad to say that my parents arrived in Michigan safely...even if thier bags are lost...
How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear what they said?
is excited for a weekend on a lake with friends!! :)
10 days left in basic training!
portland was fun but its good to see the sun
Yoga cures nearly everything that ails.
You could die and nobody would care.
is in FFM
research and then work 3:30 til close
it smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. Next comes volcanic ash and burning
oh, Canada!
today has been rewinding the look Speaker *PROPNAME* gave to Rep. *PROPNAME* last night and has checked back into Leviathan by Hobbes "the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short".
Anyone interested in joining me for *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* on Oct. 22 at the Electric Factory? Ticket are $35 =( but I'd go with good company!
gets to play asian nanny today!
had a pretty good day: kayaking, bughouse dodgeball, four-square, and lap tag. Plus good conversation...
Can't believe he overslept today... of all days... ~.~ The Day of Reckoning is at hand! XD
a Lion will never cheat on his wife, only a Tiger Wood. LOL.
how do you play poker?!
We run, not because we think it is doing us good, but because we enjoy it and cannot help ourselves...The more restricted our society and work become, the more necessary it will be to find some outlet for this craving for freedom. No one can say, 'You must not run faster than this, or hump higher than that.' The human spirit is indomitable
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh? C'thulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
working then to the gym
s coworkers make me laugh soooooo much <3 :D
-already hitting the wine bottle
w00t got my license! Yay now I can drive my non existent car haha
No pueo creer q todos se metan tanto a facebook! Y yo q pense q yo era un viciao execivo! haha... XDXD
Saw District 9. So real. So good. So stressful.
is getting very excited about decorating for Christmas! We are heading out to get a tree and all that fun stuff in a while:)
Anyone looking for google wave invits ?.. lemme know.
nothing like a nice bike ride on a nice day like this....
setting the lazyometer to 11
Where am I?
there were some scary people today... *whispers (opposite sex day)*
absence sharpens love, presence stregthens it
finally...the inspection is over and the house looks awesome!
Let's go to Italia~~
has tried hot glue, electrical tape, cigarette filters and zip ties to collar this stepper motor for a superlight turnbuckle. What gives?! Any suggestions?
What a beautiful life... my family, my friends... amazing. If I could have one "genie in the bottle" wish, not including any kind of life extension, I think I would take perfect knowledge. i.e., complete knowledge of everything already known and possibly knowable to the human mind (excluding future events)
Research and more research and then work 3:30 to 11:00 where I will probably work on more research
Q lo pased dm bkn n las vacaciones!! Acuerdate Coni del desafio XD...
Whutta whutta whutta whutta...
As of today, Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets. To turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals. Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets. Copy this to your status to warn your friends!
Viridian, cerulean, saffron, fuchsia, and all that good stuff.
ravenous black holes, ripples in the space-time continuum, intersex bass taking over US rivers, expectations influencing the wine-tasting experience, the possibility of quantum memory devices... just some of my Science Daily. Truth blows fiction out of the water!
finally caught up on sleep :D now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late...
A whole day of shoping and I didn't find a single thing...... hmmmmm
So. Zombieland: Great movie?......or the greatest movie?
Lesson planning and creating a calendar for the school year... hard to believe I will be teaching already on Sunday.
H1N1= :| ... :{ ... :( ... :@... oink oink *PROPNAME*, "So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."
is just trying to find a fb status that doesn't bother anybody.
Today was the *PROPNAME*'s B day :( R.I.P.
needs to know guys, seriously, what to do with this squid.
finally feeling somewhat moved in. It might be a miracle folks!
Out of the Main Event... my 11k didn't make it far into Day 2. I've been playing cash games non-stop for the last two days though. Probably going to play again today... Now that I'm out, planning to come to *PROPNAME*'s wedding
here we go, steelers, here we go!
Todays flight will being heading from Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport to Dever International Airport. Our approximate time in the air will be about two hours and thirty minutes reaching an altitude of 35,000 feet (Flight level 350). I'd like to personally thank you for flying Frontier Airlines. Flight attendants, prepare for take off.
saw several dead rainbows today :(
desperately needs a job...
is serverely disappointed about what he just learnt.
is ready for dancing!
whoa whoa whoa when i meant 8 pages in 2 hours...i meant READING!
going my brothers paper route again, french class, work 3:30 to close and then home where I plan to collapse.
stairs are painfull
wants to know who decided Pages shouldn't be able to open a .doc?
*PROPNAME* is now single? Are you serious? It should read, "*PROPNAME* has been single." Anyway, wanna go out? I'm single.
is eating a huge bowl of piping hot homemade chicken soup... mmmm...
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth.
s sister ate 5x's more than he did, she is 5"5 and 112lbs, in her first sitting than he did the entire meal.
has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend.
saw HP6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. Not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n
168. That's it.
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!! (Work until 6pm...facebook is the best way to contact me right now)
Jammin' some *PROPNAME* on the new Trapp piano!
after along sleepless week, I am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 12:00 on a Friday nights. Now if I can just find my dentures and cane
mom: "so you're playing hard to get? me: "who's playin, I am hard to get!" LOL LOL LOL
Do you know that 10 minutes equals 72 hours?
needs to start cleaning and packing again. Boo.
Just went on a shopping spree. My goodness gracious... I'll be broke for months...
Loving *PROPNAME*'s first real snow day with the family!
“Just keep swimming, just keep swimming…” I am going to make that song my new theme song :oP Covered in hives so gone to buy some meds. Allergy doctor’s apt Oct 28 :o)
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. Viktor E. Frankl
Was caught in a downpour while going for a long and pensive walk in the forest. :(
is eating dinasour oatmeal!!
is sorry she didn't come to raleigh after telling everyone she would. But I went on a hike today and saw pretty nature-type things!
i feel like shit...
Congratulations *PROPNAME* on your new baby!
had a bad day...
News at 11... where to get the perfect jeans! Seriously?!? When did the news get so stupid?
went out for dinner with a man who just happened to be a host. True story.
As long as I'm alive, I'd die for you. Thank You Lord for your love and Your awakening it within me.
got to play with fire in front of a crowd... YAY!!!
FINALLY DONE!!!
last night was. LOL.
showing this memo who's boss... :)
School til five then home to do homework and relax.
You always knew just how to make me cry | And never did I ask you questions why | It seems you get your kicks from hurting me | Don't try to understand me | Because your words just aren't enough | Love is a feeling | Give it when I want it | Quench my des
countdown to florida...ONE DAY
Boys are like buses, miss one, next one coming!
No matter where you go, there you are
appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak :)
The roof garden is born! Will post pics after a dinner made with our very own herbs =)
what a good day! ahh i'm so excited:]
why do i have to keep facing the only people who I can't stand: liars & double-faced people?? Well, I guess that's part of life :(
Why did the dog have to eat the most expensive jacket I have
...just starting to get windy//rainy in Halifax, making eggs and coffee just in case the power goes!
wonders what can go wrong?
absolutely adores life :D
SongRocxzxzxzxzzx
is wishing *PROPNAME* a Happy 2nd Birthday. I love you!
finally drove out the dust ponies. They were becoming too domesticated and needed to be set free in their natural habitat.
was surprised and pleased to meet *PROPNAME*'s freshman roommate in the bookstore.
Staying up late reading an analysis of caesars civil war a man who lived by the quote audacity, more audacity, always audacity, his amazing success in life, war, and politics is yet another hwever old testament that fortune trully does favor the audacious a saying that seems to hold more truth with every experience i have
Castle > shopping.
Cleaning the house and getting a haircut. *PROPNAME*'s over later for Christmas Eve.
Has extra tickets for the University of Chicago graduation. ... Can you believe it? Stand in the rain for 45 minutes, then nobody even bothers to take your tickets when you get to the event.
Headache
GO HEELS!
preparing my mind for a long drive. . .
has finally started orientation! Seems pretty good so far.
just got a call for an interview for a job she applied for back in June. Go figure. Sometimes things take time. Cross your fingers :)
is surprised that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are engaged. Found out not at Perez..
PHI is callin' my name!
would like to thank everyone for the Birthday wishes. It was a very tame, but very nice birthday. also, I'd like to recommend Ninja Assassin, everything that is good about ninja with excellent choreography.
off to buy more coffee.
doesn't get the point of minus grades. They're only there to make my transcript less glamorous.
"The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom."
two times in that period,
today was a highly venomous day... 4 timber rattlers & 3 copperheads.
always loves seeing *PROPNAME*! That girl is getting feisty :)
3 HOURS LEFT!!!!!!!!!!
"I love her better than anybody here, and see her seldomer. So it often happens in the world."-*PROPNAME*
last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!
would like to meet the man who thought that 8am was an acceptable time to start a meeting on Saturday. (By meet, I mean shank).
Holy Crap! *PROPNAME*'s has a rewards program that lets you get a free chocolate from the store every month! How awesome is that?
Memo is over--- going to get something done to my hair, then cleaning the apartment and going out with *PROPNAME* for a little early birthday celebration!
attempting to leave my body for a bit.
Back from the gym, and looking forward to the New Year's party. :)
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.
today is one of those "I don't like law school..." days. My solution= pretending that I'm not in law school for the rest of the day... tv time.
exhausted
Forgot to take my cell phone to office.. to reach me (for today) send me mssg on Google talk or Facebook
hehe need 2 stop doin all the fb quizzes :)
...surround yourself with people in your life who make all of the work//effort//time worth it.
has been told she is not allowed to go to Milwaukee for the funeral by her mother and is instructed to by a bottle of champange and share it.
shorty's like a melody in my head
learned Booze + high heels = Bad idea
needs, wants, yearns.
I don't mean to be obnoxious, but maybe it would help if I saw more of you.
What is this world coming to when a complete ahole douchebag like *PROPNAME* is making an apolgy tour, but still as not called the girl to personally say I am sorry? This is the role models for kids? In a realted note, we will be out of the recession when the Americans who want to work can, not one moment before...I am feeling feisty today...
volunteering and then lab time and then running errands.
needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count).
-- people need to get over michael vick's life and get their own
my body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. At least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.
just got an "A" on my six hour capstone exam for my Master's...yay!
another thing im happy about is that schools out 2morrow!! YAY!!!! :) :D
is going to go visit the homie locked up in the joint.
thanks god for the thunder f*#k. it comes in from Vancouver.
I wanna get two bunnies....They are sooo cute....
"The ages from 13 to 32 are very confusing times" - *PROPNAME*
has been paying more attention lately to what he doesn't like than what he already likes, then deciding to either like it or understand why some people would like it. it's mind-expanding, literally!
The first 2 Atlantic tropical storms, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, have formed. I'm not too worried but have to admit there's a little unease about the idea of something making it here. Afterall, this is my first rodeo!
Just one of those days
someone at last
is sick.. again.... :'(
be it ever so humble... I love my own bed! <3
Sac airport finally got a new PA announcement.
Baking pumpkin bread and pumkin pies and making stuffing!!
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
is H1N1 :-(
Taking out my frustrations on 300 plus pounds of gravity motivated iron
Research and then french class with awesome taped together glasses. Woo.
Anybody have pictures of jordan and I from todays spirit day?
Conflictmanagement are really interesting... I just find out that i'm more like my mother then I thought :)
The State (on DvD Tues)
is feeling pretty peppy, thanks to my buddy caffeine
Thanks to some random person in my class having H1N1, my exams have been postponed for like... A ENTIRE WEEK!!! So now... Back to Warcraft... and imma panic later XD
Happy Jul, In norway they don't celebrate chriastmas as much as Julaften (Pre-Christmas). Thats when people get their pressies. In russia its the 5th Jan! Don't know if I could wait that long!
going to Chicago! :)
drink em if ya got em. Its the big one today
"Cuz when the roof caved in and the truth came out I just didn't know what to doooo, But when I become a star we'll be living so large I'll do anything for youuuu...". On repeat. I don't care if this makes me a loser.
thinks your Osama looks like a dirty wizard
My foot is killing me but what a nice ride!!!!!
fly in vaseline :(
seeks goldfish companion.
"Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits."
anybody who wants to do stx lanes tonight report to delta barracks by 745...full battle rattle..this includes rucksack,lbv with compass and water, dummy rifle, and redlines flashlight..have assault pack in rucksack bring kevlar and pc
finally made herself send out that application for an internship in the Philippines.
wonders if it's a better idea to stay home and not celebrate Hemingway's birthday with free absinthe drinks since I think I'm getting sick :(
is sick of being sick!
One and a half how drive in unplowed interstate roads at 0330 hrs., deicing of a plane, take off, crusing at flight level 330, tiny airplane...but at least I am headed to 80 degree weather. The temperature in Denver is 6 degrees. Brr
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance
...gone to bed with *PROPNAME*' Red Dragon
has the flu. i was so uninclined to move that I actually watched a football game. I made due by pondering the mechanics of impact, timing and footwork in play by play cases. Also created an under 5 yard endzone score for which there is no defense, I call it the the crane technique.
Technical Difficulties. Please Standby
has finally completely uploaded her Alaska pictures.
Going running down a trail of bright oranges and yellows.
ONLY 2 MORE YEARS TILL THE WORLD ENDS! I'M STOKED
My car is full of all my wordly possessions....ah the nomadic life.
NYU Graduate application just about complete!
is pretty inspired by how active (and cool) some of her geriatrics patients are...
loves beautiful days in NY with beautiful people, has a new temp gig starting Monday, has an interview Monday, and is pretty much loving life! xoxo
and the moment has come. bottom of the 9th. who wants to be a hero??
had a chocolate cupcake, which magically made everything better.
thinks the Orlando Magic should change their name to the Orlando Joke.
Headed back to Atlanta. Gasparilla was a hoot.
Is looking forward to the weekend.
facebook stalking = FALKING!!! hahaha i love you angie!
is watching the Perseid meteor shower the next two nights.
Lovin' life!
understoood how it feels when you are rearranging seats in Titanic
black
yeah *PROPNAME* is home! Work until 6pm.
would appreciate if his intestines would agree to parley and come to an amicable arrangment with his stomach. They've had a war going for a few weeks now.
anyone want to sublease my pretty North Beach studio so I can spend the rest of my life traveling?
So *PROPNAME* just ate the end of my highlighter... I think that means she wants me to stop studying...
ewwwww! grossssssssssssss leave me aloneee. disgustingg.
is moved in at Loft Oasis and very pleased.
Have a new IPOD :)
at work until 6pm...great day! Excited that my *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* might be planning a trip...now to wait until November lol.
Are you going to the Big 10 Pub Crawl tomorrow in Midtown?
was visited several times at home by cousin *PROPNAME* and family, Aunt *PROPNAME* and Uncle *PROPNAME* and the Kidds. Besides this, I am reading books, watching movies such as "What Women Want" and trying to organize suitcases for my move to Japan on Saturday. :)
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP
"The creature took the form of a lovely maiden with the idea of bewitching us with her many charms, in the hope that she might get our fish."
"There's so much that I have to learn, I hope it won't be hard, and I hope it will be snowing on the day they make me tzar!"
Out in Sacramento tonight! Starting at Badlands! WOO HOO!
Tattoo on the lower back...might as well be a bulls-eye
killed tonight! as soon as the powers that be crack open the door, *PROPNAME* is busting through that mofo! Thanks for the support. See you all at the Downtown Comedy Club Friday and Saturday.
I'm so addicted with My Zoo.. ^_^
No School Again!!!
Dearest Souper *PROPNAME* of Buckhead, Your chocolate cupcakes were heavenly. Hope to see you again for lunch soon!
has the damn flu. Could the universe's timing have been any worse? She thinks not.
is fat and happy :]
has a naughty bunny.
everything isn't always perfect.
Cat Nap
time to explore some fancy restaurants in the city. yumyum + my mom's $$$$$$$.
should be studying but is being naughty! tisk tisk! LOL
Heard *PROPNAME* after a long time. Took me back to my ol' school and undergrad days
needs some surf!!
squeals of little girl delight! Going home to South Florida tomorrow! Been over 6 months :)
damnit ducks!!! WIN SOMETHING!!!
ohh, cleaning then reading for school... all the while just thinking about how much I can't wait to go home on Thursday! Lots of time with my one and only, hunting, and all the fun and good people that go along with both! Can Not Wait.
Apparently, all it takes for me to go on a semi-psychotic, cockroach-killing rampage is two glasses of wine and a strategically placed Dansko.
doing my brothers paper routes, then french class, then work, then finally home
Watching K-pax and njoying every momemnt of it
Thank-you everyone for your bithday wishes, they made me feel truely special
Was not aware of the streaming video at the ECA meeting last night....
is thinking she should have done the six year plan...
So...apparently, according to urban dictionary...A women named *PROPNAME* is typically very beautiful with an incredible body and nice eyes. They are known to be very loveable. *PROPNAME* are envied by other women...haha...I wish!
*Swallows down last mouthful of seventh cup of tea today*
I don't think I have a famous person....hmmmm....okay with that though.
It seems rather incongruous that in a society of supersophisticated communication, we often suffer from a shortage of listeners
is about to start wrapping Christmas presents!
doesn't know where anyone is!
great victory over the cold
Is wondering if my work out is actually working?
nothing gives you a better night sleep than nyquil =)
is sick of people having good Mondays. Get the memo people -- you're supposed to be cursing the skies! ...God bless.
is THRILLED with the new *PROPNAME* album, over the moon really
"oye, piensa en tu futuro, no pierdas mas tempo... es muy importante mirar para adelante" wonderful artist.. great song.. wonderful message :)
Desperately seeking room slash room mate. Can anyone help me out with any leads?
Just learned about how succe$$ful I will be, very shortly : ) dont be jealous, you get what you give
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
finds fiction much more interesting when you imagine the same actors and voice actors to be the same people instead of different characters. Holy crap, *PROPNAME*'s father is Liquid Snake! Hey look, Obi-Wan Kenobi is helping Don Quixote liberate the Arabs in WWI!
back in the habit
fighting the good fight or at least trying
caved.
Sick day today =(
stop regarding men. What account is he? --isaiah 2:22.. We are nothing more than a nose-full of breath. Oh man, how frail are you? Why do you expect regard? Why do I?
Work 11-close and then going to see New Moon with *PROPNAME*! I can't wait!
is tired of being passed over.
writing stabilizes me in this dimension :)
Sex can screw things up. Why do you think the Three Stooges went through so many *PROPNAME*'s?
the weather suddenly snapped into Autumn.
I think we're walking step in step, But you don't speak your mind. I think I see it in your eyes, but maybe its just a reflection of mine.
is so happy it is friday. laundry, library, sleep. ahhh
is dreaming big.
up earlier than most everyone in EL and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn RED BULL!!
it's true.. "the best things don't come easy".. what I can't understand is why you'll always find someone who tries to f**k it all up
is WAY too excited for New Moon!
Read about a horror movie you'll otherwise overlook on my site page. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d6-Trick-r-Treat
Come on Cowboys!!!!!
First day of classes for a new quarter! I hope no suddenly loud girls give me coronary thrombosis like last quarter...
needs help. Is my artist name "*PROPNAME*" or "*PROPNAME*"?
I love *PROPNAME*
DON'T TAKE UGLY BETTY off the air!!! There are plenty of stupid shows on the air ...this is one of the FEW SHOWS that's actually EMPOWERING TO WOMEN and SPEAKS TO REAL PEOPLE!
**.:Welcome back Winter once again And put on your warm fuzzy sweater Cuz you'll feel much better when The snowflakes fall Gently to the ground:.**
cannot fall asleep ><
Google WAVE IS THE SHIT!!!! just started looking threw it and I want now more then ever a Blackberry!!!
Insomnia gets things done
Encore un autre incident dans le hockey qui salit laréputation, j'pense que je vais commencer à m'intéresser au hockey olympique à la place étant donné qu'il a plus de respect dans le hockey professionnel
is going to Prague tomorrow. ;)
has had nightmares about this *PROPNAME*'s defense before.
is shocked at her grades, not as bad as I thought!
"Baby I've got you on my mind..." O_<
has nothing left for the world today.
So the guito from Jersey Shore that calls him self "The Situtation" is trying to trademerk it now...
chose cake
Quite possibly the worst couple days ever: yesterday almost cried at work. I apparently have the 2 worst classes in the school- lowest freshman math. Who I see for four periods. And which stole a student's wallet.
take a nap or go to the gym... what to do what to do...
*PROPNAME* on Modern Family
In Toronto! I'm getting my Canadian on!
wants to curl up and watch movies all night : )
mmm, just planned vegas 2009. 23 days and counting.
Must finish apps. Must finish apps. Must finish.....ah well...tomorrow's another day.
is sick of joint facebook pages. Be an individual for christ's sake!
mexican standoff with monday tomorrow at 8:00AM
Soon on my way to the Bad Taste party.... :)
JUST GOT THE BEST INTERNSHIP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the Seneca Zoo in Rochester, NY!!!!! :D
accidentally clicked the wrong button on a page. Sorry for sending that farmville thing to everyone!
Error
time to study...all done tomorrow night! yee!!!!
wishes she worked the front desk at *PROPNAME* so she could enjoy looking at the Olympic athletes…**sigh**
terrible night!
does not like sickness.
I'm a facebook noob...
"...gonna move from Blogger to Wordpress soon..."
"In my days, we played soccer in the minefield."
Saw 3 idiots.. It was refreshing. Even though it appered to me as more of a commentary on our education system. However, it painted a fairly black'n white picture. But then .. its just entertainment :)
had to move to delta
Still not smoking and my mood is improving.
is having one of those days, but thankfully has come to the realization that moments do pass and tomorrow is a new day and the problems of this week will be a faded memory when next week comes around.
Baking in my room. TT
is impressed that the ads on the side of FB are getting relevant without being offensively so...finally. I've got an ad for a book I like, a band I like, and a movie by an animator I like. Yay!
GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!!!
*PROPNAME*: This is a deliberate insult against me and my people. *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME*: Who the fuck are his people? *PROPNAME*: I don't know... little scientists, I guess.
hang on tight, cause it's gonna be wilder than any 8 second ride
You are the fucking BEST. =)
wouldn't mind if a Philly, NYC, or Boston friend posted pics of the snowy city to FB! C'mon, give a girl a white Christmas =)
5inte paisa polum enta kayyil illa....appola 'treat'
Anyways back to DR...
cooking ?? + ????! >?<
I'd rather steal your whiskey than your heart in conversation.
has gotta tell you what a state she's in...
I have the best adhi in the whole world...and I HATE physics...
work from 11:30 to 10. Long day.
I'm in whitehorse for 6 weeks
WOOO! Blue Moon New Year's Eve!
"Come, let us gingerly touch our tips."
Kea: For the love of God, I am begging you to return those heinous Brooks Brothers shirts. *PROPNAME*: Well your face is heinous. And I don't ask you to return THAT. (Just another morning's playful banter between someone studying for Step 1 and someone fighting off an awful cold...)
thinks that it is impossible to be TOO heavenly minded. Watch. Those who are "too heavenly minded" will do the greatest good here.
Best. Wedding. Ever. I LOVE YOU TO DEATH EM AND COL!
loves America.
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!! :D
successful wedding!!!....Im so pooped and sleeping on the ground doesn't help! lol
Thanks everyone for all the help. At this point, Ijust need 1 harmess, 2 horseshoes, 2 nails, and 2 boards; no bricks. I can give gifts of harnesses and horseshoes, as of this moment.
is in love with veniero's pastry <3 <3 muah muah
Missing summer and WWR... *tear
Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission. Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Logout link. Select PRIVACY. Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL. Next select the tab FACEBOOK ADS. There is 
wishes she never hear of a sciatic nerve…stupid back! Doctors appointment then work.
is a Fool but also a Dreamer
ditto to charlie's status
If you & I woke up in jail together...using only FOUR words...what would you say to me? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say....(And if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status. Fair is fair.)
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. No one should be unable to change jobs because of a "pre-existing condition." If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
grows less responsible with time.
I think I need a new Spirit Animal
:unplugged, disc 1, track 12.
had a wonderful talk with *PROPNAME*! Now to get a chance to chat with Heather and I will be totally happy :o) Looking for a job this week. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming"
Pineapple? not tonight.
has the most amazing friends ever.
cleaning, studying and then some laundry...I <3 Fridays :oP
morgen Rettungshelferprüfung ~.~
is back at work on a friday night because my boss believes himself to be an IT guy and not an attorney and broke a server.
just finished a Christopher Lin-induced SNES binge. Donkey Kong Country: complete. Aladdin: lamentably ongoing. There's a party here in Agrabah, if you care to revitalize her Arabian efforts.
think..see. ..act...
DONE DONE DONE!!!! :D
Well, Big Ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far, the buck and the kittens gave great show...Hopefully MSU will follow suit!
I have got loads of naturally white hair, am easily fatigued, suffer from the occasional backache, and am now growing a nice round tummy, apparently. I'm getting too old for this...
perhaps *PROPNAME* putting off getting our Halloween costumes for so long was really his way of helping me find my awesome costume idea :)
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can lift us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*
what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!
Driving to nowhere. Accompanied only by the pitter-patters of rain on my windshield.
needs to stop slacking...
finds it funny to fit her whole life in such little, little boxes. Is 'funny' the right word?
"I don't have a girlfriend, but I know a girl that would be really mad if she heard me say that."
the heart is a wilderness with beauty and emptiness that you endure 'cause you never can be sure
Enjoyed spending the weekend with my love. Now it is back to the grind.
you'll have to excuse me I'm not at my best, I've been gone for a month, I've been drunk since I left and these so called vacations will soon be my death, I'm so sick from the drink, I need home for a rest
is thanking everyone for the birthday wishes :o) Cleaning my apartment!! Laundry//dishes//the usual
Merry Christmas!
is still in shock...
Who needs Twitter when you have Facebook?
s feeling good :)
learned something new about how the game is played today.
tired and feeling sick, gone to bed! Sore throat, feet, legs and I get to do it again tomorrow.
is having the worst day since yesterday.
When paul says "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me"...I think, "I can do nothing without You, dear Jesus, who strengthens me"
True life: two young people believe that love can only be achieved with multiple partners...huh
Lovin' the grace God has clearly been pouring out... :-D
Yay no black eye. Boo no fencing tomorrow night.
wishes she was a football fan...
wonders if people read his profile.
I like my life right now... :)
never thought I'd be jealous of a fish in an aquarium! only for a sec tho! lol
Happy Birthday *PROPNAME*!!!
is getting trampled by cats!
also watches the chickens (6) after work.
why does it feel like it should be the weekend by nowwww
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running... and its even better if they get tired first!
Prisoner by my own design
2 jours encore et fini le training à la place dupuis!
and I am 21 agaiiiiinnnnn~
i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. ugh, i miss you guys!
is off to the gym again. I tried and can't think of a valid reason not to go, plus my legs aren't sore are at all from yesterday. I will will thank myself for this later:)
relaxing after yesterdays party :)
had about 15 billion dreams last night and remembers all of them. Nice work, hippocampus :)
wishes everyone a Happy New Year!
is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health.
off to Japanese class within the hour-- have to stop surfing the web!!
I don't know why new car dealers in Houston insist on all-season tires on all their products. We have snow one day every 3 years!
wishes *PROPNAME* would answer his phone so she could stop worrying.
Made the UC App my homepage to stop me from procrastinating. Wait. Why am I here. AHHHH *deletes all bookmarks*
very tired.. happy with work done.. but still so much more to do!
feels like a koala crapped a rainbow in his brain!
had the yummiest dinner at The House <3
thinks it feels pretty fly to see her tiny shoots of arugula (and spinach, kale, and two types of lettuces) battling the odds!
SLEDDING
i want more sleep
"It's like turning air into gold"
loves friends that help clean up the party. And has pretty great friends in general.
AHHHHH!!!! The best surprise ever!
//machetemachetemachete
had a GREAT time at the South Florida Fair!! Especially with Deven!
has one final part of his routine to release. He will try to get to that sometime tomorrow. Keep watching the other stuff though!
Yesterday after school, I got bored and decided to go into the backyard and play with my slingshot. I didn't have any ammo, so I just used peanuts and shot them at trees. I decided to shoot at one really far away. Out of nowhere, a squirrel leaped out of a tree, intercepted the peanut, landed on another tree, ate the peanut, gave me what looked like a thumbs-up, and ran away. Ninja squirrel, you amaze me. MLIA.
So, I tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today, and I cannot find the paper work...I know I have it here somewhere!
chicka boom boom
does anybody want to watch the survivor series with me?
Research, classes til 7:30 and the to *PROPNAME*'s house to watch So You Think You Can Dance and Chopped.
had to go ahead and cook some chili after *PROPNAME* made it sound so good... Homework and crossing my fingers for McDonnell, Bolling, and Cuccinelli!
kids running the office and Santa singing songs...oh it must be close to Christmas!
i am too tired to move. rebecca you are going to have to pick me up or something
packing, packing, packing....burnt out. Moving back to Glengary tomorrow, working Friday then headed to Cape Breton Friday at 1:00pm with *PROPNAME*.....F*****WWWWKKKKKKK this entire year! I am so over moving three times in four months...FML....back to packing!
is locking up the office and heading home...*PROPNAME* call me soon :o) Re-potting orchids then to *PROPNAME*! Have a good night all!!!
is drunk and has be be at work in 6 hours g 'night
I heard the most awesome phrase last night. If you've heard it before I don't care because this ish is gangsta legit.
cmon weekend! good shit on the way. ooo oooooo.
has, for two years, tried to open her apartment door with her studio key every single night. Today she actually tried with the remote car key. A first!
Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us. *PROPNAME*
work 9-3 then going to see Pirate Radio with *PROPNAME*!
...work, class and gym tonight!
Saw the Mouse Trap! It was positively amazing!!! Great work to everyone!!
Watched AVATAR and it was : 1. A sort anti-pollution, green peace statement 2. A light heart warming love story 3. AND WHAT NOT TO DO DO WHEN WE ACTUAL INVADE OTHER PLANETS :D
already at the end of 2nd week at st.albert's.. so far so good.. im enjoying it :)
working on a few art projects ;D Ideas//Inspirations//Dreams are welcomed! ...
Can Obama will the US to victory over Brazil Sunday?
Research meeting and then home to study for finals. *PROPNAME*'s house later.
wOOt i'm 18 and loving it :D
says hennessey and a dutch. straight west coastin' son
My foot really hurts. How do I know if it is broken?
spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort, has a thanksgiving potluck tonight, birthday dinner tomorrow, and crazy Canadian adventure over the weekend :D
HEY! Have you heard the news? *PROPNAME* died. NO! Say it isn't so, *PROPNAME* died.
Know anyone who can teach me how to knit and crochet?
What happened to the good ol' days when we could fly and and get inebriated by just thinkin' about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally End of Work!!
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a picture of me as an old time sheriff."
act + taco surf + lazer tag = one exhausted mind
HAPPY TIHAR!!!!
Ok, who wants to go to LA with me Tuesday for the MJ memorial service?
going to work out..then mapping and setting up stx lanes for tonight hit me up if you want in
I like Asahi Super Dry... very much.
RIP HAL 9000... I think your successor will be named Metal Gear.
beestings still itch like its going out of style. docta says I need a beeiotomy
...fighting the flu with clementines. I carry them everywhere and when someone coughs//sneezes without covering their face ***WACK** I smack them with one and it works like a charm :oP
Greed, for lack of a better word, is gy.
Since light travels faster than sound, people appear bright until you hear them speak
I want someone to buy me dinner.
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper
is glad that we waited to watch Wolverine as a rental.
ugh...mondays
:::copy this into your status and see what people rate you. 1:Crazy. 2:I'd Marry you. 3:Talkative. 4:Sarcastic. 5:Bangable. 6:Clubhead. 7:Moody. 8:Dumb. 9:Spoiled. 10:Mouthy. 11:Random. 12: Hot. 13:Funny. 14:Fit. 15:Amazing. 16:Tough. 17: Cute. 18: bf//gf type. 19:Playa. 20:The Best. 21:God Loving. 22:Smart. ...23:Loving.... 24:Loyal. 25:Trustworthy. 26:Fake. 27:Spiritual....
alright doppleganger, I used to get the most random ones...but I think *PROPNAME* was the only one that made some sense.
bad mood. I'm going to punch someone in the face.
RIP little Moon Rabbit.
is teaching Troop Leadership Training today.
Do what you want cause a pirate is free. You are a pirate!
I'm so excited about my upcoming trip to New York! :-) I leave Thursday night on a red eye.
Has a fever of 102 :(
s brain feels tired. Stupid SAT making be sit in a room for 4 hours when it should only take 2 1//2
Yawn, Feels like . . .
adores my watercolor pencils <3
"...when will the GSS end? is BOSE headphone part of the GSS? wanna get one with my pay...when i get my pay..."
is having yummy food tomorrow instead of voice class...I'll probably pay for this once midterm recitals come around...
hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle (and thus is failing at life!!!).
I found God on the corner of 1st and Amistad, where the west was all but won. All alone, smokin' his last cigarette, I said, "Where you been?" He said "Ask anything..."
is done with her fifth semester of graduate school!
one page left then editing! and 24 + hours till the paper is due! SCORE!!
wants to know who (is in Boston and) wants to see Avenue Q!
wants you to come tomorrow night at 7:30pm to the Downtown Comedy Club and hear these jokes!!
doing some online Christmas shopping
needs sleep...in Baltimore
y dont you just set your profile to private? Both of you are spoiled girls....so your statements are invalid
merry christmas, happy hanica happy kwanza and whatever other celebrations there are today
looking forward to all the terrible t-shirts!
Go Hawkeyes!
Pewter City Gym Rocks! (with grund type pokemon)
I reunited a cat with her owner today...Feels nice but I am not sure how to tell denny there was a cat in the condo....
ready for a new day after a disappointing evening!
Trying to find schools for my C-level paper....
on my way to new york!!
yea merry x-mas everi1! <3 u!
Please... one more beer... then grow up.
scored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender. On my way to a masters in PA science! holler.
will break that trap = =+ and climb out alive.
Fantastic day of hanging out with friends and doing some shopping:) Relaxing on the couch reading for a bit
Who dat?!
is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!
Likes to dance in skirts
Why is it that everyone else's musical tastes go forward and mine seem to switchback?
Owe RESUME hand up RESUME! haha...
just took my little babies out of the museum. :~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Today I am thankful that I am able to be in Michigan with my family. I am also thankful for my families in Michigan and in Atlanta. I am most thankful for everyone I love being healthy today.
is coughing like an old lady a day before her death.
Feels like punching something. What should it be?
aww im bak, but i wana go bak 2 reading :(
starting in sept!! =)
just experienced orthostatic hypotension. trippy.
Hard drive problem? Made funny noises twice and failed to boot. Finally booted (obviously). I am going to install a new one now. Don't expect updates for a few minutes (hah!). Of course the last time this happened, I installed a new drive, used the old one for backup, and the old continued working for years. So this could all be a waste of time and money.
*PROPNAME* is awesome..."complaining about going to the dentist is like complaining about too much education...it's offensive to Alaskans...To *PROPNAME*, I just got finished coloring your wife's book."
can't wait til thursday... <3
Don't worry about the people in your past, there's a reason they didn't make it to your future.
misses everyone in EL!! I can't wait for preseason!!! :)
*PROPNAME* should have thanked *PROPNAME* in her Grammy speech
learned two very important life mantras: 1. Treat others as THEY want to be treated, not as you want to be treated yourself. 2. Fight principles, not opponents.
Just watched the *PROPNAME* press conference...3 years in england and he's still using a translator!...explains a lot..dont need brains to have talent
everythign but the rain :D
R.I.P., *PROPNAME*. Maybe people will be less cruel to you where you are now.
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
is hotly waiting the MJ zombie comeback.
is sitting in Barnes and Noble :-) Yay Free WiFi!
back in cal woo hoo!
the weekend.. & why not the weekstart? looking forward to start the week in a great way :)
stranded in the burg...someone come save me!!! lol
While we might get two, the west coast will get 6 to 9, and my jealousy of Lake Effect Snows grows ever greater.
"Do you do the air glock or air shotgun when you hear that song? I do the air glock— that's just my style." 105.3 DJ at the end of MIA's Paper Planes
- I would really enjoy a Limit Break of the valorous nature
FML!!
I was attacked by a monkey today on the way to Kodaikanal. Luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since I hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun.
WTH I AM SHAKING ON THE 16th FLOOR!!! EARTHQUAKE!!!
RIP *PROPNAME*
dreaming in color
One of my prospective students just asked me out...is it 3 yet? This week has been crazy...
doesn't want to be at the mercy of her emotions. She wants to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.
*cough, cough* must get more cough drops! *cough*
To anyone who gives a shit, look at the photo I found of Wogie!!!
Read as I get angry in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d11-STOP-THIS-MAN
had a great day yesterday thanks to aunties babysitting :0)
was astoundingly productive today... chipping away is a lot better method than sitting around trying to figure out how to tackle the whole mountain!
Lunch: salad, with tuna and DRIED MICHIGAN CHERRIES. Thanks, Mom.
is tired and his pupils are still dominating each respective iris. Can anyone say super night vision?
lernas Esperanton!
It's creepy how facebook suggests that a certain friend has too few friends.
<3's my purple tights and movie night :)
no more shopping!!!
I walked around whole Sundsvall today and half the way it started to rain.....
To bed early with a splitting headache and goose-egg about two inches wide at the back.
things just got really complicated
starting to make some delicious snacks to enjoy while watching the Superbowl later
Computer case coming from South LA. Everything else coming from Tennesee. I get to stare at the case and do nothing with it for 4 days. *PROPNAME*, why art thou so cruel? D:
My cat squeaks when he stretches.
is speechless from the flowers sitting on my desk. can't stop smiling. I honestly don't know how I got so lucky
has sacked the hallowed heights of Ilion.
For once I meant to let my phone battery die all the way before recharging and did I remember to plug it in once it reached that point? Not until just now...oops
so Season 4 of Dexter started out crrrraaazy!
back in Austin
is headed to new York City tomorrow! Gladys's room stand up! i will see you all on Friday!
is watching the USA play Switzerland in hockey and thinks the announcers should say that the Swiss team is full of holes.
looks forward to seeing your beautiful (moustachioed) faces tonight: Artzone 461 -> 500 Club -> ???, !!!
was unexpectedly mesmerized by how beautiful Pennsylvania is today.
says it's almost time for otakon.
"The Queen says no to pot smoking FBI members"
is trying to decide what to stock the fridge with so there is a chance that *PROPNAME* will eat something besides fast food for 5 days that I'm gone! :)
kapoy
starts his job tomorrow. Goodbye Freetimesville, hello Moneytown Station!
Will be in a dress rehearsal tonight in preparation for the Båstad concerts with Musica Vitae. :)
wow... what a weekend
we'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way
Most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. The tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. - *PROPNAME*
cookies
is writin'
so tired after The Great Urban Race with Stella. She is a rock solid awesome teammate. Now off to D&B to celebrate the big 24 with *PROPNAME*! Yay busy and fun weekends!
going to get fatter on a cruise with miss fatty
Finally Internet at HOME :D
downtown comedy club tomorrow. 9pm. be there.
Random girl (In a bus) : Are you half chinese? Me : HUH !!??????!!????
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, deedle-e-dee!
off to shanghai
can't sleep...dang those hyper little elves running around in my brain.
Friday afternoon catatonia
after a great weekend at home, I'm hitting the books for a while, then sleep...
I'm trying to think of what's on my mind right now
I am bored.
insomnia a man's best freind.
EARTHQUAKE!!!!
"I'm sorry, I'm about to lose you because I'm about to drive into a tunnel in a canyon on an airplane while hanging up the phone." - House
is sleeping :)
will not be going on the fall 2009 semester at sea voyage. Doctor's orders. I have never been so devastated in my entire life...
About mornings and winter,and magic.
Check out my review of Pirate Radio. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d16-Pirate-Radio
wow - i just played COD4MW2 all night with 3 buddies... I felt like I was back in college
Tomorrow, we snowboard.
now knows that *PROPNAME* in his underwear is not enough to carry a movie for me anymore. I don't blame the writers as much as I blame the director for not putting him in briefs.
This is NOT funny. tornados do not exist in orange county, they just dont.
Finishing up packing, then heading to Richmond.
found my Tag paperwork in the man den...Hopefully I get my tags by 2.1 if I apply now online...
math...
proof that soul-shattering, awe-inspiring things can evolve? Music.
at the beach... then work. priorities.
is in Litomysl and loving every minute of it! ;)
According to ancient budhist priest, when the student is ready, the teacher will appear (Being *PROPNAME*)
was disturbed to come to the realization that the Dao is the Game. Life is cruel.
For those who haven't seen it yet, I've got a new stand up video up. Thanks for all the support. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4kUmPOzOU4c
"You can't blame Mad Scientists for doing mad science"
is tired after a long day.
thinks it's funny that only his white best friend remembered *PROPNAME*.
is trying to sing King Alpha's song in a strange land.
you know I've been busy when I haven't played tetris in 3 days! :P
told the guy behind the fish counter to gut a catfish by mimicing longitudinal write slices.
the spice exists in all of us
Is there anyone out there who can write me a good letter of recommendation?
9:00pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!
is no longer talking to *PROPNAME* - but not in a bad way. Just because it is impractical and expensive to talk on the phone continuously and because we both needed to do things.
Boo at the Zoo and trick or treating 2009 were awesome!
I think some people need to take life less seriously...
danced again last night. This is starting to become a pattern...
must write essays!
wishes he were in new york tonight.
Well rested after a week of jetlag, Taka City concert, various other rehearsals and a Yakitori party.
I can't get into farmville :(
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running and even better if the get tired first!
wonders why engineers are overrepresented in terrorist organizations.
"agay!" dugay na kaayu ko wla ka ingon ana nga word.
its snowing this morning........ is that supposed to happen??
snow storm in Geneva
a porn star just asked to move into our house...
Know what sucks, when there is this one person who the first time you saw them you thought they had absolutely one of the most lovable personalities and nicest smiles ever and you try to let them know that they mean so much to you in the little time you have around them and somewhat fail to do that then you keep in touch with them nearly every week you're not around them for a year and you see them only
"If we were never ill, we would not know what it was to be well. If we never knew hunger, we would take no pleasure in being full. If there were never any war, we would not appreciate peace. And if there were no winter, we could never see the spring."
the sky is falling
omg I just started out on P90X...my first day and it kicked my ass! lol these are gonna be a fun 90 days :)
Four day camping trip!!! Holy Crap! this is going to be fun...
Delam barat tang shode
so sleepy and cold, class til 7:30 and then to *PROPNAME*'s for the night
Anyone needing a study break come check out the Baker's new music video!!!!
looking forward to visiting Prague again on Friday to pick up my Japanese visa.
is overwHelmed with excitement
invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the Harry Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec. 12 (Sat).
Not so well today... getting betta...
"Hell is empty And all the devils are here" - William Shakespeare, The Tempest, 1.2
Sometimes it is entirely appropriate to kill a fly with a sledge hammer
I'm Captain Basch fon Ronsenburg of Dalmasca!
is excited to pop chuckies natives cherry!
sees further reason that college football needs a playoffs. fuckin eh.
I got a feelin' that tonight's gonna be a good night!
87 Pets on FFS... LOL...
Dinner with *PROPNAME* and then I'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :D
is missing *PROPNAME*
happy fourth everyone
not at all enjoying *PROPNAME* being on 2nd shift when I'm home for the weekend :(
is sleepy, excited, and wondering...
thinks the Indians might be taking the humble food fight a little too seriously... http:////news.bbc.co.uk//1//hi//world//south_asia//8119591.stm
is waiting on the Lord this morning
Helsinki
hunting license = $18, case of shells = $21, getting to hunt opening day of dove season with my love = priceless. Awesome weekend, miss my darlin' already. Now it's school work time...
mondaze
gi gutom ko.
good bye el...until sunday!!
Well here goes nothing, getting ready for my first day!
had a wonderful and wavy weekend on the big blue
Mexico City!
its official, i love christian rock
Turkey Bowl at Beaver Stadium...sick!
*PROPNAME*'s Your Uncle is my Cheers.
DYSLEXIA FOR CURE DISCOVERED.
just got a shot in his ass for his headache, that works like how he imagines works like Vicodin for House's leg. Minus the addictive part that is. Basicly *PROPNAME* is in a good mood now that he isn't in pain.
doesn't like it when things don't go according to plan, but is grateful for her ability to improvise :p
Calc, History, comp, then chem
writes briefly on our expectations of films. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d20-DANGER-Expectations
Laundry, then packing, then maybe sleeping....AHHHH... ENGLAND TOMORROW!
Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, everyday, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be crazy enough to do.
I have to admit SWtOR has one awesome trailer
Survived her first day....
"His cheeks and eyes burned from the cold."
is packing!
is still living with your ghost, lonely and dreaming of the west coast. She just wants to feel some sunshine.
Music is my beach house
i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.
is tired and probably sick but likes to stay positive and think its just allergies(pretty sure thats spelled wrong too). But had an amazing time at a murder mystery party being the main investigator, and was close to getting the right answer but didn't have enough information. He also intends to finish polishing an essay for english that is way longer than any essay really has the right to be.
There's just something about those cold winter nights.
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
So much to do before tomorrow...I am actually a little overwhelmed!
18 more. another one down
is seeing *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*! :D
my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune... :(
PSU this weekend? obvi!...
the spice exists in all of us
La Novia de Chucky...lol
Happy New Years!
Wiiiii, ahora soy hermano de la *PROPNAME*!!! XDXD
“?????” ???????? ???????? You and I ???? ??????? ????? ???????????? ???????? “I want to see you” right now! Even though I want to shout it. I no longer can say “you and I” Even if I try to force it. I can’t catch you Back then you used to be in my armsBut you’re gone now.
excited for MOA day trip
getting off work at 6:00pm, WalMart then Harry Potter@9:40pm with the twinnies!!!!
Happy Dashain! Dashain ko Subhakamana Sabaai laai! :)
La Dee Dee 1 2 3 *PROPNAME* the Half a Bee
why does everyone think the rain is time to play or walk extremely slow with their heads down....WTF!
I dare you to touch a slug.
My skull
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it
I LOVE *PROPNAME*!
canteen grill then lazy dog cafe then maybe ucla? idk see you tonight bradley!!! :]]
anyone know if and where the state of the union address might be viewable online? I've googled it but can't find anything, and I don't have tv so I didn't get to watch it live :(
MMM should i get a PS3 to play uncharted 2??? MMMM!!!!
I can't remember when the earth turned slowly...so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again. I lost my place, but I can't stop this story. I'll find my way, but til then I'm only...spinning
wants to be asleep and isn't. Damn you, not-terrible work ethic!
a day of snowboarding = most exercise I've had all of break
Turned the heat on, finally.
Let's go Yankeeeesss!
oh thank goodness I have Monday night tv to look forward to :) Gotta love <3 abc family :)
Sweet tendrils grasp at my breath. Enticing wisps of freedom. Euphoria escapes in an exhalation
doesn't have to apartment hunt anymore :)
Hello, FHS Class of 2000! We are planning a 10 year reunion for this May//June. If you have thoughts//suggestions then feel free to contact me or *PROPNAME*. Thanks!
Ladies, your red, black,pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and nude bra colors made the news tonight. Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the *PROPNAME* foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer. Way to go! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Colour Game! YIPEEEDOOOODA
Has had an AMAZING yet utterly unproductive weekend! :P
Listening to opera, Brahms and browsing through amazon.com.
is feeling uninspired and unmotivated. Can someone else please pay her bills and move her into her new apartment?
Traverse City this weekend, Detroit next weekend. Fall in Michigan!
off to Paris in the morning!
is about to go for a thankgiving hike with her family :)
Darn you *PROPNAME*'s... my insides are very unhappy :(
loves his mind, hates his head.
get a job sparkling wiggles...
finished her taxes :D
Your face.
woke up in a lot of pain and then hit the morphine button like 6 times... pain's not totally gone but at least its subsided a little
never thought that he would see the day where he would wish for failure.
somethings not right...
took these broken wings and learned to fly. All her life, she was only waiting for this moment to arise.
$500.00 for stitches?!
is going to learn Japanese.
Hey all! My American Phone is officially off! Don't call or text it anymore, k?
“The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot."~ *PROPNAME*
Going off to kick my own ass at the gym once more.... For better or worse, this type of masochism is highly addictive
and the ever-tightening clamps.
WoW Patch 3.3 is out... It's titled, "Fall of the Lich King" ... WHY MUST ARTHAS DIE?! OH GOD WHY?! T-T ((Then again... Yay for Justice! ^^))
Finally found " *PROPNAME* and His Flying Robot " ... anybody remembers this series
out for the day with my man
loving my lunch from carte415
thanks *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet. <3
"I believe in fantasies invisible to me In the land of misery I'm searchin' for the sign To the door of mystery and dignity I'm wandering down, And searchin' down the Secret Sun..."
set my calorie goal for wii fit tonight as a piece of fried chicken....turns out it takes a lot of work to burn off a piece of fried chicken!
just cries and cries without ever knowing why.
Back in Boston finally.
wants to thank the Tabasco company for listing the Scoville Heat Units of its products, and thinks all spicy food makers should follow suit.
had a busy day. Time for a nap before possibly carving pumpkins this evening:)
must stop impulsively visiting this site. Remembering when I was just on a few minutes ago might help.
has begun.
Magenta :)
Very Confused and Scared..
is about to go to sleep at 9:30pm...old age is setting in
Well crap. My computer's software is currently corrupted or something and won't work. Right before my two Hell Weeks begin. Wheeee... Anyone in Chicago have a copy of their Windows XP Professional edition CD I can borrow to reinstall stuff?
WHAT!!!!! PHANEUF ET GIGUÈRE AVEC LES LEAFS!!!!
work 10-close and then home becuase I'm going to smell from the 450 pieces of bacon we have to make :(
money should never be the goal, only the byproduct.
is lucky to have friends like *PROPNAME* around to point out that a glass desk will lead to serious laser mouse frustration.
... Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize? Weird.
What is going on with this bowl game? I thought that MSU losing 20% of thier players was bad...now texas tech coach scandle? If you were going to toss a kid in the closet...would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight?? Bad call dude!
has no idea where the time has gone. August? Seriously? Where did July go?
has major, major cabin fever.
Black friday shopping+ *PROPNAME*= fun Black friday +waking up = 3hours of sleep Yet somehow am oddly awake even if i've already had a full day before noon.
Black
the dreams are more fun.
Thank you for the kind sentiments, all!
need some time with my brain... time for a walk
so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technology
is at the park.
Busy week with Rehearsals and 3 great concerts with Maestro *PROPNAME* and soloist *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* Violin Cto and Bruckner 7, bday party in Shinsaibashi Osaka, Konami gym, Japanese lessons, duets, Thanksgiving dinner, and soon to come: Universal Studios!
no more uhmmms for me. :C
Happy Midsummer!!
OH boys...lets not be ghetto...
New philosophy for 2010: If it makes you feel good, then I say do it.
I know 6 sick people at the moment, and now I'm sick. I'm going to find out what one it was and come after them!! Watch yourselves ;)
The Monastery of Our Lady of the Holy Spirit in Conyers, Georgia was so beautiful. There is nothing like waking up at 4 o'clock for vigils, a morning prayer prayed in the Liturgy of the Hours. Then have lauds mixed with Mass...beautiful!
And the bomb is out: KOVI IS A SENS NOW!!!!!!! OH MY GOD!!!! I'LL MISS MAN!
Go HAWKS!!! Survived the cold and pulled out a win!
"...is hating this job..."
"Oh my God dude, doing 5 tomorrow is going to feel like sex!" --*PROPNAME*
is up a little too early in the morning (9:30AM)... and doesn't know what to do with himself. I think I'm going to get some quality reading time with Chaos (*PROPNAME*)... btw there is a scale for the quality of your reading (how focused//distracted//tired, etc...), and right now i think my reading will be pretty solid
"...life sucks...but god is still good..."
Balkanization of the MEDIA!
Only made it back to olympic from school...i like : )
I LOVE JENN ARNOLD!!!!
Back in EL :-)
is in love with the Lincoln Memorial...<3
Red+Purple= Fuschia? :)
doesn't look different, but she has changed. You're looking through her, she's not the same.
Merry Christmas everyone!
The early bird catches the worm
Can't wait for next weekend, even if he is getting evaluated!
Any GOS student who comes to me complaining about how 'early' the next school year starts are gonna get a 'nice little lecture' from me...¤_¤
wants to go to 2nd saturday right now!!!
Happy Lunar Year! I hope it is filled with good health and happiness...and lots of red envelopes! :)
workk sucks:[
Wonders why the president is wearing a White Sox coat?
Dream Great...Achieve Greatness
Chi-town for the weekend!
is elated!
just played Quidditch. It was awesome.
is excited that he was able to perdict the weather by properly interperting satilite imagery!!
needs to add water to the fishtanks...
There's nothing less cool than being exhausted from hours of not doing a damn thing at all.
*PROPNAME* is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo, when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when I grabbed it to toss it out. She is such a frady pup!
"You white, then you *PROPNAME*k"
best......night......EVER!!!!!!
Heading back to Atlanta...
wants a cottage cheese and pastrami sandwich on banana bread, even if it severely ruins your reputation!
just got to his hotel in New York City!
will be at ArtZone 461 in San Francisco, Jan 9 - Feb 7. The Seduction of Duchamp 2: *PROPNAME*'s Revenge!
DC friends: Giant snowball fight//snow kickball on the mall tomorrow, 3pm. There will be other snowball fights, but I will not be at them. So you should come to this one! :)
is uploading his shit right now!
I need to find something meaningful to do
*PROPNAME* grams made in Mexico are you serious Kraft?
Home! Time to clean up and decorate the christmas tree.
off to work!!
needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system.
Going home FRRRRIIIDAY! Wooo Whoo!
"The best mind-altering drug is truth." - *PROPNAME*
So there's something about a Super...Bowl? On right now?
is now a graduate
I know many people have faced this issue before, but MIT Graduate Admissions should stop denying the existence of Caltech...
Gotta love 3 mobile. I asked to cancel my contract and was asked "could we convince you to stay" I replied with "Due to the terrible customer service, I would rather die a slow and horribly painful death than stay" to which I got "do you have any friends or relatives you would like to refer so they can get a good deal". I want that CSR to work in my company retention department!!
"You coud tell by our soft feet that we were strangers in the land."
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science. Whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. -Einstein
thinks that the new apple tablet 'pc' iPad sounds like a high tech sanitary device.
I love Chic-fil-a. (And no, they are not my clients).
Why are you not allowed to give kids nuts for halloween any more. I got them as a kid, and as far as I am aware people havne't become more allergic to it in the last 20 years, just the same amount.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
Work 9-2 then going to see Where the Wild Things Are with *PROPNAME* :)
feeling the burn in my shoulders and triceps from the gym.
Totally no mood to do anything... Stupid smoker that used my admin number... spoil my day only... =(
"we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down" -*PROPNAME*.
In the final 2 week stretch!!
is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a Starbucks double-shot espresso
drove over 250miles throughout LA!! Just for work orders today. Sick.
had a good weekend and is now tired!!!!
is back at home with *PROPNAME*. I was having asthma difficulties at her palce.
"Those who say it cannot be done should not interfere with those of us who are doing it"© - *PROPNAME*
finding a place to live is ridiculously stressful
Fuck the pro bowl, going to see the Rumble Royal.
bored to tears... well not literally but... im still bored!
is listening to Chinese metal out of curiosity. It is interesting.
*PROPNAME* 7th birthday today! Took him out to watch Jackie Chans new Movie The Spy Next Door yesterday and out to eat at Red Robin...*PROPNAME* sat through his first movie at the theatres lol Today doing pizza and cake here at home. I'll send out invites to a party here soon
C'est dangereux de danse parmi les chiennes de graisse
getting ready for the storm to hit Cape Breton...shuttle tomorrow to Halifax (I hope)
MHC for Seafood Festival!! Time for some good music, good food, and great friends!
Out into the cool fall air for lots of mocha and a little studying.
I found one of my students in the janitor's closet this morning.
is wishing a Happy Birthday to my bestie *PROPNAME*! "I love you honey, and I hope you have a wonderful 22nd Birthday!"
Coffee, Christmas Cookies, Civil Procedure and Christmas movies... :)
Please spread the word that the DET FusionX Photoshoot timings are out. CHECK SCHOOL EMAIL! Those GP people who still owe me their resumes... tomorrow is the deadline.
L'été est fini.... et je commençais à me faire du fun!!!!
I'm eating a bagel. Does anyone care? Probably not. School until 7:30
Life is so dull without the element of surprise
"hope in a wasteland of faith; stone figures hewn down; blood flowing through ancient sewers"
Is packed and ready to go to San Francisco//Napa Valley!
Im serious, I have an extra ticket for the MJ funeral. Who wants to go?
ugh.
Me: "Omg I am tired after two robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomies with bilateral salpingoopherectomies. *PROPNAME*: "Awesome I did a fatakanicous dilopidous internal rectomy today too." I pity the fool who is forced to date a med student.
computer's broken :( worrying about how many important files I may lose. in brighter news, walked my rabbit around the neighborhood on a leash today.
is feeling Shady.
gold *PROPNAME*, gold!
is looking at old photos...and is kinda glad she takes them off facebook every so often, so that she has them all to herself, and it helps her make sure she keeps moving forward ;)
Woot! Thanksgiving break! Let's give thanks for this wonderful break, and the boredom we will receive!!
I have to run errands but it's cold outside so I really don't want to.
Can't Sleep, clown will eat me
is making an attempt to brief a few cases while waiting for *PROPNAME* to get off work so she can talk to him... I think I'm actually going to like law school, but I wish my love could be here with me! I miss him :(
loves the picturesque view from her bedroom window
relocated to espresso royale...ugh so much to get done:(
finally has apartment pictures up.
Why is it soo cold?! Damn you winter lol
Aion, I think that might be my next MMO addiction...
nag ulan nasd, So long, my luckless romance.
Just sneezed twice... now im all sneezed out. :)
applying for grad school... sucks balls.
is going to miss my coworkers....drinks tomorrow, 5:30 at 5A5, then karaoke tbd
sudo reboot
Forgot about the Berlin Atheltics occuring this week :S Still. I have a room and it finished with the marathon today so it won't be a problem any more.
surgery went well...just resting at home. not too much pain cuz its still a lil numb.
"I think we should give our new logo to U of M, it should probably be able to coach their football team better than RichRod." LOL... seriously
Readings Galore. :D
is watching reruns of House on Hulu. House rocks, and when he comes back in two weeks we will see how much worse the crazy people are when House goes at them.
is glad that apparently there is no law of diminishing comedic returns with space poop
Lord let your glory fall as on that ancient day. Let it fall on both of them. Let your grace be made known eternally and mightily.
appreciates all the kind birthday wishes, via facebook and various other forms of communication. Thanks!
Research, bank, home
always gets the studliest pets.
Please spread the word that the DET FusionX Photoshoot timings are out. CHECK SCHOOL EMAIL!
having fun drawing in solitude.
I sometimes think that some *PROPNAME* bikers are just ASKING to get hit by my car!
now knows that *PROPNAME* in his underwear is not enough to carry a movie for me anymore. I don't blame the writers as much as I blame the director for not putting him in briefs.
MUST WORK, but the facebook demands my time!
going for a long run hit me up later
plans to sit on the couch watching movies all day.
had about 7L of insensible losses via mouth-breathing last night and woke up with a tongue the consistency of beef jerky. This viral URI can stick it up its tiny viral you-know-whoosy.
is not for the narrow minded!
I feel right now as if I can't get a hold of anything....like everything is so far away but so close at the same time...just out of my reach. I want to do something about it, I want to say things, I want to do things....but I don't know where to start. Maybe I'm thinking too much into it...maybe the answer is easy and simple...If only...
Grand Canyon, here I come!
picking up leaves...i love fall
Should be doing work, but isn't (obviously). Yay dance class tonight! Shimmy shimmy shimmy....
Ok, the new *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* is kind of amazing. NOW who is coming with me on 10//22?
what fun, I ran into an old college friend at my fashion design class!
Got a brilliant new playlist :D I heart it.
passed a family of ducks, two squirrels, a chipmunk, a raccoon, and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room.
money is a disease
is looking forward to the weekend
157
just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...
Something Note Worthy
Rawwaarwaarr!!!
survived the fair it was a good time
just got home from Riverside to find less than a block from my apartment: SIX cop cars, a HUGE congregation of police officers (some with guns drawn!), and a helicopter circling the area. I have no idea what's going on!
loves alcohol and women.
Q3 overnight call at CHOP tomorrow. Poopie.
Tonight! NBC at 8 pm! The Sing-Off is ON and I am freakin excited!
Is in Hawaii, yay!
As always, Geh Blau!
looking forward to Christmas festivities!
Have done Zumba for the past 1 hour... a really greate form of workout.. Love it!! :)
watching "Speak" with pre-Twilight *PROPNAME*. Love her. So over this week. Need some Post Grad
Need to stop making brownies as a way to avoid working! Some days I hate my boss....oh wait....she is me!
Fra 5 ore sarà tutto finito! AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
so... doubling the rate of failure ~ hahahah
I <3 MY LIFE.
doesnt think you're beatiful she thinks you're beyond it.
working 10-close and then maybe the movies again?
and the line between yin and yang.
is thankful for her quite patio to watch the meteor shower from tonight :) anyone want to join me?
is picking up JLGR's Beneath the Wreath posters and postcards! Wohoo!
off to see COMPANY OF THIEVES. pumped to slay later.
its opening day at *PROPNAME* Memorial Park for Cold Season! BOO! :(
recently found a present from his best friends *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Contained in the envelope mailed from their lovely home on Munson Road, which had a bathroom right out the movie "Trainspotting", were several mini-size wired hangers. So sweet of them, so Mommy fu#$%# dearest of them...
The fair was really fun today. I was trying to get hypnotized when my phone went off right next to me...booo
Not only is Dracula good, but Batman Forever is still amazing. I had SUCH good taste in movies as a high schooler, holy crap! And now I like The Holiday?!
finally got his bio up on a comedy club website. Downtown Comedy Club is the shit!
has started 2010 very Asian...Hong Kong hair salon, milk tea, and pop corn chicken...love
Wow I am really in a funk...I had no idea *PROPNAME* was fired! I knew it was most likely going to be his last season, but I hardly ever miss stuff like that
would rather be potting. Even after 10 hours in the studio this weekend...
is reading her new textbooks...so excited about taking Human Sexuality! I am going to make an A+
Can anyone forward me an invit to Google wave???
Would like to thank everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes... It's quite pleasant to be harrassed by facebook 1 day a year ;)
will be back in the U.S. the 7th. i got a sexy tan at the beach lol
caught fireflies in a jar, am going to soak my feet in some piping hot water, and is just relaxing to Chopin and a good book.
Big Game tonight..perfect big ten record on the line...GO GREEN!
It has been confirmed... I'm going to poly! >=D Now... to find a job while I wait... >.>
Practicing...
taking one step forward then 2 steps back...story of my life
Halfway done with med school and off to the Outer Banks for two weeks. Limited access to phone and e-mail, but will check when I can! CONGRATS classmates!
gi gutom ko dah,.
would like the rain back!
tried transplanting palo verde trees today. We'll see how they do. If I can get one to grow by the arroyo, then everyone downstream will have them too. Eventually.
Why is *PROPNAME*'s new hair news?
I wish we don't have our damn necks.
just realized she's been awake for 22 hours. That might explain the exhaustion.
has her first meeting with the *PROPNAME* Automation Team today. Are they going to haze me?
just canceled out the vote of an obnoxious, be-cashmere-scarved prettyman chanting "*PROPNAME*, hare krishna, *PROPNAME*" in the middle of Starbucks. Health care for all!
it was hot! it was hot.
is heading home!
6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed...ugh, God thank you for this morning..even though I'd like to be sleeping it away...It really is a beautiful morning :)
Asleep with open eyes.
was named very appropriately. *PROPNAME* means industrious//labor.
METEOR SHOWER TONIGHT! FML!!!!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving everybody! I'm thankful for friends to share Thanksgiving with:) Now time to make some yummy food to share later
is, decidedly, an eloquent drunk.
At last, award goes to *PROPNAME* for succeeding in getting me adequately smashed to incite vomiting (unless it was the bibim bap...)
18 more days?! WHAT IS THAT?!?! C:
trying to be productive at the lib with *PROPNAME*...
wow I enjoy watching good movies... just watched "House of Sand & Fog", an older movie... excellent. Emotionally very powerful. And Avatar in 3d on IMAX like a week ago, also excellent but for many different reasons. It is fine with me for a movie to excite your imagination instead of your emotions.
really?!
it needs to be sunny so I can invite a bunch of peeps over
goooo tarheels:)
In LA
Just scared myself senseless by watching most of Dracula. I am such a bigger pansy than I used to be, back in my vampire-obsessed, middle-school days...
is sorry if she did not reply to text messages or phone calls. her iphone is dumb :( and had decided it doesn't want the touch screen to work...
is bein a gangsta as usual.
Really? Two days in a row? I would like to take back my comment about de ja vu - I didn't mean I wanted it to end like that (again).
is doing well know she everything is okay.
La grande question maintenant.... Est-ce que le CH est une meilleure équipe sans *PROPNAME*.... Le 1er test d'une longue série: Samedi VS Les Rangers...
is sooo sick of douche bags! kick rocks bitches!!!!!
I've got cheap *PROPNAME* tickets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Call 773-962-7899!!!!
omg one of the most beautiful songs ever is "alone in this bed" by framing hanley. it really is.
is looking forward tonight's Top Chef Masters
yay band camp! I can't wait for friday!!
ooh the mysterious 10 at 10 approaches.
Just a lazy day on the lake...if only the rain would stop so I could go out on the lake.
"she only drinks coffee at midnight. when the moment is not right, and her timing is quite, unusual."
needs a love song that speaks of boots that take your breath away, or the sadness inside you feel when a beautiful piece of clothing costs more than a teeth cleaning. No more of this stuff about wishing a guy//girl would love you. How about wishing you had a place to wear a $3,000 gown? Could afford a $3,000 gown? :)
thinks there should be more time in the day and that mail.msu.edu is stupidly slow!
wonders why Spain keeps calling to me...
surfing sloat in the AM. yay!
Hmm, next weekend?
pretty happy after a good weekend, and after getting to go to a party and see some really close PCC friends once more
SELF ESTEEM: Far too many people have no idea what they can do 'cause all they have been told is what they can't do!
doesn't like when it seems like her entire room leaves for the weekend. (Hope you all have fun.)
Back in Miami
obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! LAAAAAAAAMMMME!
once was lost but now am found. Repenting my absurd arrogance.
I need to get a shirt that says, "I don't speak Chinese!" ... Like... seriously... ._.
mmm...home-made pizza. :)
why does the only major change on the German keyboard *have* to be a 'Y' 'Z' swap? I use the letter y so often. it's annoying.
Pumped from working out at Konami, but is cramming Japanese for the lesson tomorrow.
I'm off to work!! have the evening shift....
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ... Buddhist Proverb
I'd give her a HA! And a HI-YA! And then a OUU-WA! And I'd kick her, sir. Take THAT, memo.
really can't be bothered with his last essay...
now I kinda wish it was snowing...just for over night, then after I am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish!
biting heads off of Barbie dolls. Stress sucks.
DANG IT!! If you are in Atlanta and need somehere to go for NYE, come to my house, I have food and drink, almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids!
En Viña, vuelvo el 15, chaoo :D
can't believe it. I got the new Wii Fit Plus game, it has a lot of fun new games and features. However, after not using the wii fit for a few months we decided to do the fitness test stuff again. Me(since last time): +2.9 lbs, still a healthy weight and BMI, wii age 54. *PROPNAME*: -8.6lbs, reccommends a healthy weight of gaining 6lbs, wii age 32. On the positive side, I have lost 5 of the 8 lbs I gained over the holidays!
so there's a Guam quarter?
Getting my license finally! lol...you know what they say...2nd time's a charm :P
is expecting everyone in LA at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight and//or tomorrow night for these jokes, yo.
reached my 500 limit in MAFIA..and continuing up... a special thanks to all mafia frends...
Viva Las Vegas:)
Here's to you and here's to me, and I hope we never disagree. But, if that should ever be, to HELL with you, here's to ME
was hoping some of the punk kids in her apartment complex would nab the jack-o-lanterns off her balcony and give them the honor of a good smash. Instead she had to unceremoniously toss them in the dumpster.
cleaning the apartment...
f* u raider fans! kick rocks!
is in desperate need of a social life!!! :(
just wants to bake yummy treats, write, learn languages, travel, organize philanthropical events, and debate philosophy over bottles of wine...that is my ideal life.
why is it that we only realize our own insignificance, when we vainly reach for the stars?
Sunday. *PROPNAME* gone. And the person standing in line behind me at the minimart, who saw me paying with a bill that had a giant inappropriate anatomical figure on it, was a pastor. Of course.
Cleaning....mostly. Sort of. Things are actually getting done, I'm just not sure what!
Hope your all having a great weekend xx
&hearts; *PROPNAME*
No work tomorrow! finally...time for a great night and a morning of sleeping in : )
taking a much needed mental health day!
mmmm lemon cake with vanilla frosting :)
Yay blue skies!
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records............ ..back from the gym
getting smoked tonight
Goodbye beautiful Budapest
is switching back to my 510 phone number and dropping the 415, send me a note if you don't have the number.
I am fresh *PROPNAME*
is back to her old life in the new world.
in Baltimore until Thursday.
Carving pumpkins with *PROPNAME*...pictures to come soon:)
just remembered how much he likes The Strokes.
is a new man
is wondering if I have enough room in my passport for this trip...do I have enough time to get pages added?
has got to find someone in LA who can twist dreads. Help!
no
Dear rain, I have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... Sincerely, Barb
I'm on my way to Chicago for two days :)
feeling productive!! YEE!
Today did suck...*PROPNAME* came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper....I am going to be using prison tp until at least Easter!
Errands...
looking like this is going to be another sleepless night...dang it
has a big bet on the WSOP final table... I bet on *PROPNAME* to win vs *PROPNAME* to win against *PROPNAME*. Any other winners is a tie. I figure *PROPNAME* is about 3:1 & *PROPNAME* is about 7.5:1 I loooove my bet right now (no odds!) I wanted to book more action last night vs *PROPNAME* when I saw him at the Bellagio, but he doesn't like his side anymore. Ship the EV kidd!!!!!
is polishing his set for tonight.
Deceiving others. That's what the world calls a romance.
Last days of freedom them back to where I left off...
rain drops keep falling on my head...
Proud of the success of her BSP family members!...Congrats to everyone who got into Med School, Dental School, and Grad School!...Best of Luck!
SNOW!!
and the day that vacation ended.
I love *PROPNAME* 0:)
being on a diet means I have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?
"I'm a road runner honey and you can't keep up with me" ~Aerosmith :)
plis entren al grupo del eski!!!!!!! !!
*crossing fingers*
is going to a research reactor tomorrow, yay!
is not really good at catching up on sleep
Get around round round I get around Still down with the Underground When I come around
Why do we give people titles because of what they do and not who they are? This is what bothers me, but maybe I'm just waiting for a world that sees people not for what they do but who they are.
*PROPNAME* is flying into Chicago tonight...I will miss that guy!
Thank Cthulhu it's friday!
Working in the lab, french oral exam, and then going to TAc becuase they're still charging me even though my membership should have ended in October.
!!! Thank you everyone (times a lot) for the birthday wishes! And a Happy New Years to everyone!
Anyone interested in going to Summerfest?
despise the fact i have already been up for almost 3 hours
is missing Isla Vista hardcore tonight :( I need an adventure...
never despair, but if you do, work in despair. writing
Getting ready for *PROPNAME*. Bought enough non-perishable food for three days. Flashlight//batteries. Check. First-aid kit. Check. Bottling some water. Check. Old towels, in case windows leak. Check. Today: laundry, cleaning and making sure nothing important is on the floor.
Haha! You can't say im a bored person all the time..... i had a great weekend!
wonders if you can block invites from one person. anyone know?
I am doing quite awesome, and I am very happy and excited about life but some people need to stop hijacking my fb...
is watching *PROPNAME* at 3:15am.
party at my place. call the cell to join...
Oh yes ladies, it's a snuggie.
canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail...not a good idea.
just saw manny be manny
took a personality test, and it said that I'm suitable to be a "supervisor."
is wondering what hurricane Bill is going to be like...getting ready just in case :o)
wants to be the very best! Like no one ever was!
needs a drink...
thinks if she was less moral she would have a lot more money hahahaha!
may have eaten a few too many sweets today...
another lonely night with nothing to hold on to but memories of better days...
is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. They seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fear
aww i dont feel 2 good, think i ate 2 much :S
I did the Macarena with a pickle at the dinner table because the voices told me to.
getting ready to stalk taylor marsh...any hints would be helpful! LOL
going to the AFI rise against show tonight. I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.
working until 6pm...home to re-pot orchids then off to *PROPNAME*'s for the night!
is soooo excited for TLC tonight! Two ladder matches!
has absolutely nothing to say.
Still need to see Across the Universe
avatar was a horrible movie
ready for nappy noo time
ALMOST DONE WITH MY SEMESTER!!
just turned down a series of paid ads for 944 and a Motocross ad all because I won't be around for February...lol, but what a nice ego boost
is exhausted but so ready to see her ladies tomorrow!
Approx 2 weeks until new apartment...and I don't have a single thing packed!
hates legal writing. A lot. If I'm still awake at 3 am you'll know why.
Gettin ready to take *PROPNAME* to the doctor.
It might be time for one last great adventure, a minimum 13 hour plane ride away.
gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut :)
the universe is a symphony and the laws of physics are harmonies of a superstring. How beautiful.
Hamlet: And therefore as a stranger give it welcome. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Hamlet Act 1, scene 5, 159–167
is off - again! - looking at colleges, but this time, out east. Brown//Wesleyan//Yale//Rochester impressions when I get back, if you want them.
has a new old game.
The Trojans are marching upward. The Sooners have already been stopped.
dang...is this what people feel like when the wings take it all?? Personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile, but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans...
I find it funny that I keep clicking on unfamiliar names and wondering "When did I friend this person?" and until I realize they got married.
so Tiger Woods was in a car accident today. Driver was always his least reliable asset.
ugh...in a class with mostly 18 year olds, cursing myself for not taking com 1 my freshman year when i could've copied off of someone! damn it...lol
Thinking is more interesting than knowing, but less interesting than looking
blah....
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay Snooooooooooooooow!
is playing the main event today, day 1B
I hate to say this, but *PROPNAME* Tonight is actually pretty good...having a hard time chosing between that and *PROPNAME* Lately...
and *PROPNAME* are driving to the Florida Keys!!!!
scars heal, glory fades, and all we're left with are the memories made. pain hurts, but only for a minute. your life is short so go on and live it, cause the chicks dig it
"and a britney song was on, and the britney song was on, and the britney song was on! so I put my hands up, they're playin my song, And the butterflys fly away, Noddin’ my head like yeah, Moving my hips like yeah" ~ oh yes, i went there!
loves a 23rd.
some girls just need to keep their noses out of other ppls business and keep to themselves!!!! bitches...
"why art thou cast down oh my soul?" Oh yeah, because my darling isn't here. Lord, this is a high calling indeed.
just performed surgery on a lizard(Green Anole now named Tropical thunder), we bought from the pet store last night cause he looked near death. He's doing well now, I think his leg is better, it's all about preventing complications//infections now. Pictures later. Time to go to *PROPNAME*'s Bdat picnic.
will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat...
setting the lazy dial to 11
up so early so much to do...
brightens your day.
work 10-8 and then *PROPNAME*'x for the night
has a love//hate relationship with snow. notice love is in the numerator! haaaaa i'm so stupid!
is making his report.
Thinks whoever decided to schedule a massive apartment building fire next door to our new home at this time of day(5isham) was terribly inconsiderate, no fires until at least breakfast. Off to hose the outside of the house after being up until 2am mortaring the downstairs.
saw *PROPNAME* yesterday. More importantly, he saw a bum scream, "If you ever touched my sister I'd fuck you up" to *PROPNAME* yesterday.
GRE! GRE!! GRE!!!
is in Aruba!!!
is back in the US.
jenna's wedding
Apperantly the roads are bad in Atlanta...be careful out there guys!
believes in the PINEAPPLE EXPRESS
*PROPNAME* and I went to Blockbuster to get a couple movies... we both said we'd been wanting to see Four Christmases, so we got it... turns out we watched it together last year. haha... A tradition in the making? Teriyaki Pork Sirloin and stir fry for dinner... love having him here <3
c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do you
I cant get to sleep!!!!
Holy crap! Hiero II of Syracuse was a former general of Pyrrhus of Epirus! I never knew that! Hiero has the official title of Awesomest Friendhaver in the Ancient World now, so far as I'm concerned. Pyrrhus and Archimedes, at least! Go Hiero! You're MY hero!
:-DaaaaAAAAAHHHHH! tomorrow is the big day! SOOOOO excited!
girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing STD's loudly...wonderful.
The King of Pop could be dead :(
Happy new year :D
ought to be cast in the next big zombie movie as an extra. Because she feels like the living dead must feel after a night of heavy brain-eating. Is that their equivalent of drinking? Explains why they want to do it all the time.
has a job interview tomorrow, wish me luck!
shooting and punching some stuff in Borderlands:)
i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...
will be in NYC Friday - Tues, hit me up to hang!
might need to start figuring out what organs she can sell on the black market...
God is faithful to His word and to those to whom He has given it
NACHOFEST!!!!
Whats with all this white stuff??
just got his mind blown. Apparently *PROPNAME* from Salute Your Shorts, the rich girl, was played by a Chinese-American actress. I totally never noticed that. Ever. Thank you, www.tvtropes.org for once again, showing that I have a terrible memory.
knows that a burning smell isn't the best sign of good cooking and is thus going to turn the heat down
i'm still sad. :c
Tired with a pancake craving...
is soaked. Umbrella broke. Good morning, dear Monday.
red wings blow
is tired of being sick. Death to all swine.
Off to the art museum! Sorry Proposal, I'll work on you later...probably...
is with his darling...oh what simple things many take for granted. Thank you Lord for your gift of life. Thank you Lord for *PROPNAME* :)
I cannot believe that I am celibrating going to the Pizza Pizza Bowl...
can someone take care of my mafia, nd my farms while i am away?? i wont take long..
is :D !
on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come:)
going to the Edison tonight with my sister :)
EVERYONE IN VICTORIA! go to the improv south island cup finals tonight at 7:30 at vic high to watch some awesome improv and hopefully see vic high win. Tickets are $8.00 for students and $10.00 for everyone else outside the auditorium in the foyier
Tahoe, Here we come!
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
Just played and sang a buch of Chirstmas music for a General of the United Sates Air Force's reception. There were so many "big-wigs" there and it was a blast. Not to mention there was a cute girl bartending...great night.
The will to win means nothing without the will to prepare
is designing a lovely tattoo... yes, I realize I have a stack of papers to grade. Coffee break soon.
is going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in Euk. Cell bio, and then 2-3 in Environmental Phys.... oh goodie... ://
Where did summer go?
MIKE TYSON IS AWESOME!
Michael Jackson is dead! What is the world coming too!
"Really? You have to remind yourself to raise American Spirits?"
bAwwwW at work late today....BBAAWWWWW!!
Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish. ~Author Unknown
finally has snow of her own <3.
La critique est aisée, mais l'art est difficile.
If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?
Some phone no. from San Ramon called and I was excited to answer as I thought it was the school district, only to hear that they were looking for a *PROPNAME*. Boo :// ...*PROPNAME*
loves these new, extra-antisocial headphones that create a symphony orchestra inside her brain
how bout them DODGERS son!
Hoping it's not gonna rain today... or... in the next week... or... ever.
thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy).
Nothing like the quiet peacefulness of watching my sleeping baby...
I :heart ruby
is cooking chicken adobo tonight!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!! :D
is about 65% oxygen, 18% carbon, 10% hydrogen, 3% nitrogen, 1.5% calcium, 1% phosphorus, 0.35% potassium, 0.25% sulfur, 0.15% sodium, 0.05% magnesium, and 0.70% copper, zinc, iron, and caffeine.
never realized how boring life is until I lost my cable.
It's Doppelgänger week, in which Facebookers may change their profile pictures to someone famous their appearance has been compared to. POST TO UR PROFILE!
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
is hiding out.
lunch then going to work out....Any workout which does not involve a certain amount of danger or responsibility does not improve the body - it just wears it out
is making rice krispies treats!
is doing it yet again: Pig N Whistle...7:30pm...$10 cover + 0 drink minimum....LA-A. Be there!
Free shipping is my downfall.
no thesis project. no hope for the future, other than a miracle.
dragged herself out of bed to put out the cardboard that has been accumulating for more than 3 months! :)
is water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down.
Im back and sunburned bad... ill just have to live with it i guess.
wants to know if anyone has borrowed an elf costume off him
Cant a man enjoy his Nobel Peace Prize for a day? Just for a DAY!?
I am hoping this is allergies and not a cold..
is not like other humans sometimes
Real Talk.
*PROPNAME* was pardoned today for having romantic ties with a white woman in 1908. Now... racism is dead.
wants to go see AVATAR! Argh! :O
Senator *PROPNAME* reminds me of Senator *PROPNAME*, but considerably more treacherous.
*PROPNAME* to her brother: why do you have a skull? *PROPNAME*: yeah, I have a skull. It's from upstairs.
wonders how sick Bon Jovi is of singing this song
I see the light at the end of the tunnel! Liturgy take home final due Friday and last but not least, Philosophy of Education paper to complete during Winter Break.
THOSE KANGAROOS CAN KILL YOU!
needs internal motivation.
"...For you, my child, shall be called the prophet of the Most High for you will go before the Lord to prepare his wayto give his people knowledge of salvation..."
Is not sure she wants to be done yet! GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!! I love my senior buddies! and I hope everyone's ready for a sob-fest!!!
Just like I called it. *PROPNAME* put up zeros across the board today.
A fear of loss, that's all it is...
Law school is like The Biggest Loser...it doesn't matter how well you do, just how well you do compared to everyone else. Dun dun dun.
...wow...
try to learn something about everything and everything about something
is enjoying the cricket...comfy boxers and rainy weather...is it too soon for a beer?
just booked the rest of my flights!!! Hellllooooo adventure!!
is wishing her big-Ssista a super-awesome-tastic birthday!!!!!!!! I <3 you *PROPNAME*!!!!!!!!
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." --Buddha
is relaxing at home, and then going for a walk with *PROPNAME*.
has to go buy tinkerbell lip gloss.
Aswan, Egypt. Nuff said.
1 more day until my weekend!!!! :)
we wanted to say you shouldn't suffer this way. We love you, Tuqqy.
I love Comcast "On Demand" exercise videos! Just discovered them. I can be a hip hop dancing machine all alone right in my very own living room. Haha, embarassing.
has seen him twice, so it's official. *PROPNAME* lives in this building. Any bets on how long it takes me to get on the Robot//Bear Talk Show?
needs to change...
Prayers needed for 12yr old boy who, after a serious car crash, is now in a critical coma. Pls. change your status for 1 hr so more people can become aware and add to the prayers. We would do it for your son or relative, pls. do this for somebody else's son. Thank you. Pls copy this and paste..
changed her status. happpy?
LIVE FROM MY NEW KICK ASS 64-BIT PC
A vegetarian delight
got the job!!!
has an interview in 30...SO NERVOUS!!!
is scared of the weather tomorrow.
wishes she were in EL cheering on State rather than working on her thesis...
I hope the survivors in Haiti receive aid quickly...
my jacket it falling to pieces. But other than that, I'm on track to finish my outfit in time for the con. :P
sure had fun last night :D
is enjoying the last day of holiday shopping at Beneath the Wreath! 11:00-3:00 today at the St. Nicholas Cultural Center. www.juniorleaguegr.com
- smile and the whole world smiles with you. - motivation, not desperation will get you what you want. - the only way to go is up. - family is always there for you, and having even a handful of reliable friends makes life even better :)
Well ain't that the cat's pajamas!!
I have never changed my facebook pic ever, that should be a record right?
wishes I had a professional kitchen to play in
has a new job. +8k gold and better healing potions.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY *PROPNAME*)
shakespeare in the park not a bad way to spend a sunday
waaa! It's like only a week until I'm home now... Which means work... Anyone wanna buy my love? :P Nah... you probably couldn't afford me anyway.
Dirt Divas championships, then off to Denver!
has the place to herself this weekend...hhmmm
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
man it feels good to be on top of my school shit.
is going to check our floors for the living room today and then maybe to a gentlemanly game night.
is so brainwashed by Neutrogena ads. Praying for those who have less and for the strength to love all she has with patience
bought new jeans.
A Big Green and White Double Header!! First the ballers will start out by beating up on Northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad Wolverines yesterday....then on to watch the MSU Football team wallop Texas Tech!! Its a great day to BLEED GREEN!! GO SPARTANS!!!
really wants to move into her appartment.
"...the event marked a major shift, what I might call a 'paradigm shift' if I were the kind of person who used terms like 'paradigm shift'..."
well my first class was cancelled because the professor thinks her whole family has come down with H1N1, so I'm trying to be productive anyway....
OH HELL YEAH 205.6lbs!!!!! 5lbs et j'ai atteint mon objectif!!!!
is glad the Hawks won even if I was out in rural India and couldn't watch the game.
is rebooting in Safe Mode.
Oh WHAT!!!!! LATENDRESSE EST ÉCHANGÉ AUX WILD!!!!!!
Three Flakes and schools are closed tomorrow? WEAK
can't breathe out of either one of my "noses" (as my sister used to call them)
believes that summer has indeed arrived.
and the day we were all locked in.
*PROPNAME* just started working on his first Mozart Aria... a bit late but it'll have to do :)
ahhhhh... restless.
Puzzling my face off!
is going into a morphine-induced slumber
rediscovered an old journal and some old poetry of hers and is spending the day pondering who she is and who her real friends are ....... bed rest has given me A LOT of time to think lol *<:~)
(*gabi.e) lighting of the giant christmas tree, fireworks, dinner. = fun :) may the circumstances repeat itself again,. :D
taking *PROPNAME* for a walk and then attempting to write this memo...
is putting my life together
lost another game... but Dang!! was it close
24 hrs de congé, ça fais du bien quand même!!!!
What a day! I repelled down Vasquez rocks in the afternoon and by evening was carving pumpkins underwater with my dive group at the SCV aquatic center. Throw in making two halloween costumes and it was quite the Saturday! Pictures to follow soon!
"You don't seem to annoy me as much as usaul, but are you sure thats a deficite??"
Yea CCHS JV - starting off the season with a WIN!
youtube rules. it honestly does
Bring back the double feature and find out how by reading my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d30-Double-Feature
the times, they are a-changin...
Can't wait to go to TEXAS!!!!! :D
Je pense que je suis en amour... avec une 370Z! J'en veux une!!!!
got to hold a woodcock this weekend! Sweet like bee saliva :)
amas lerni novaj lingvoj!
Merry Christmas everyone :)
is slightly disappointed to find out that you harvest horsehair from the horses on Farmville rather than, say, glue or dog food. Does that make me a bad person?
still attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
It would be so nice if that dog didn't bark every night!
is finally home :)
Hangin' with the Sadie-lady.
Fine weather for a walk
living in a haze...looking for the meaning of life and only finding darkness
"Banana cures your hangover. Hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. Bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects... Banana... bow"
"Beyond mountains there are mountains." - Haitian Proverb
going to see Crazy Heart ad go out to dinner in Royal Oak
carpe diem. :c
We do not rise to the level of our expectations. We fall to the level of our training
Buckyballs, I want my 6 hours back. >.>
gets to play Asian nanny today!!
And sweating like demons they scream through our speakers But we leave the sound on 'cause silence is harder
15
which mustache?!?!
Hanging out with *PROPNAME* :) Girls weekend!
Oh happy day. It's so nice being at school and knowing *PROPNAME* (& *PROPNAME*) will be there when I get home. It just makes everything nicer!! :)
looking forward.
has had a great week with my darlin'.... :) It's gone by way too fast... now, hunting with daddy till *PROPNAME* gets off at 5:00...
Needs to get the internet at home
is hangin' with *PROPNAME*.
Days becoming so much shorter...
annotated indexes,.
found red bean paste in her chocolate croissant this morning, and reluctantly switched her inner monologue from French back to Chinese.
"I thought about him today, and everybody who's seen what he's seen - from a woman on a bus, to a man with a dream. Hey, wake up *PROPNAME*; welcome to the future." C:
Research, decorating Christmas cookies, work 4-close and then *PROPNAME*'s for the night.
Had a minor(major) breakdown when I thought one of my exams was lost... but its all good now.
I have the best boyfriend ever. Thanks babe, I love you!
just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.
has no name and is part of the kollective.
let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days...broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to He who saved me by His own merit. Thank You dear Father who makes His goodness known in me. May You be glorified.
wants to live where soul meets body, and let the sun wrap its arms around her, and bathe her skin in water cool and cleansing, and feel, feel what it's like to be new.
i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...
blue to grey.....grandir et s'envoler.
Dentist got me med-up! "Percoset is a hell-of-a-drug!"
thinks it's awesome that he's sitting in his room in a sweater because he left the window open during the day.
Go Hawks! Ranked 9th!
*PROPNAME* "Noel", Christmas slippers, hot cocoa, soft blanket, and a book. Just missing the snow!
wishes the Boy Scouts of America a very Happy 100th Birthday today!
and his normal Monday gloom only heightened.
hehe 'What I'm Listening to' is kinda working on my wall, 2 bad its a lil slow at updating :P
Schumi is back next year with Mercedes-Benz!!!!!!! SICKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
is angry at her belly. Even though it no longer has staples in it.
There is no point at which you can say, Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom
is watching Gossip Girl. This may mean I've failed to acquire taste.
Sleep Time... for tomorrow is work time... =)
does it actually feel like we got out early to anyone?
:]]
"Paradise by the Dashboard Light" by Meat Loaf is my new favorite song. :-)
loves his Ginosko ppl.
can smell school approching
DET People doing modules. Take note... Photoshoot is on Tues. Get your black top ready! (:
My thanksgiving utopia lasted a whole hour...new record.
ni abot na jud sa point nga i'm actually dreaming about missing her. hahaha lol kaayu
Im sort of half expecting MJ to come dancing out of the hospital singing Thriller
is playing Xbox and Legos alone... unless there are any humans around that want to play with me???
Dilemnia: It's 3am and I wanted to blast music through my speakers. >:[
About to use my new alarm clock that projects time on the ceiling ;p Laziest thing ever and I'm gonna love it!
got past the biggest hurdle...the trip is on!
had a really stressful day at work but got a $45 tip :) Thank you Microsoft
home alone...and terribly bored:(
yeah buddy! cowboys!
confused
Sol Food For Lunch!
drinking hot tea with hyssop to alleviate sinus pressure from the large amounts of poplar fluff and pollen this week.
Please pray for *PROPNAME* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). She had an accident and she has blood-clot. She is currently undergoing operation at Cebu Doc Hosp. Thank you. [-from a reliable source.]
last day of institute
is eating top ramen for the first time in a LONG time...
work from 10 to 10
is starting to wonder whether his eyes reflect light in the near-infrared spectrum or something that's just out of sight for humans but visible to cameras, cuz man, if I only had photos to go by I would swear my eyes are red.
So Horrible... Reformatting DELL PC at home... Stupid Driver CD... Finally can work... but... ONE by ONE install??? Zzz...
Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday! I had a great day:)
I love how much fun you can have with non newtonian fluids :D
says happy fathers day! In honor of my heavenly Father, who's never forsaken me or let me down. May you ever be praised, Dad :)
coming around to Newark 2//15 and planning to be around NYC for the following weekend. Anyone? Anyone?
I just fell in love with jazz improvisation.. it's so much fun :)
Thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes, appreciate it (:
False alarm...still invincible
He who has not found something which he would die for has no right to live.
just found a new favorite banana bread rescipe.
Happy Fall Equinox!
mondazed
work till 7 and looking foward to spending time with the love of my life tonight and maybe even sharing a delicious meal of the new volcano nachos from taco bell. haha.
my body doth protest about the gym
Off to the drive in to see Transformers and Star Trek!!!!!!!!!
not to be a bitch but...if i hear about one more celeb dying from drug overdose i'm going to fing lose it...get it together and act like adults...ridic
A.D. - Always Derek
made spicy coconut soup mmm
2nd week without a cellphone... its like being back in the 90s.
Thanks for all the birthday love everyone!
Packing and Panicking look awfully similar.
don't let Jesus push on her table leg.
hmm this ice lolly tastes of strawberry n apple flavored coolant -.-
is in less danger of getting a lump of coal for Christmas every year, as we deplete the earth's fossil fuels.
its not the end of the week, but its the last day.. ITS THURSDAY... so I'm gonna get my drink on:)
I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T, do you know what that means?
is pretty sure I'm coming down with whatever *PROPNAME* considering I just folded a load of towels and now feel completely drained. The good news is that the TV is working again:)
WINS! take that MalMal
is performing tonight in the opening concert in Litomysl.
Please pray for *PROPNAME* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). She had an accident and she has blood-clot. She is currently undergoing operation at Cebu Doc Hosp. Thank you.
just saved a white boy's life today.
tis a lovely night for a stroll
is a cube!
places to go, people to see, papers to write and homework to read. Having a productive day :o)
I'm MeLTING
a reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?! my life is now complete:)
thinks she may have to walk to class in the morning.... but still LOVES SNOW!!!!!!
made my bombay elvis cupcakes(chocolate curry and banana cupcakes with peanut butter frosting) and chocolate bacon cupcakes
*PROPNAME* and I planted four trees on Monday, and today we got an inch of rain. There are two pecan trees (to pollinize each other), an all-in-one almond (two varieties grafted, so no additional pollinizer needed), and a pomegranate (self-pollinizing). Life is easy, sometimes.
Hm. Apparently running for the first time in months makes me simultaneously feel like horse $#!@ and want to devour a steak. Wasn't prepared for that.
not wearing a bra to the bar is a TERRIBLE idea...
What a beautiful day of football :-)
Tomorrow Budapest!
hung out at *PROPNAME*'s today, wrapping presents, then went to the park and played on the swing sets. Can anyone say awesome??
is doin it.
Bloody Monday is done in 53Minutes =))
For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, "It might have been" :c
My hair smells like cookies...worrying... :S
“Speed is not part of the true Way of strategy. Speed implies that things seem fast or slow, according to whether or not they are in rhythm. Whatever the Way, the master of strategy does not appear fast….Of course, slowness is bad. Really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy.” *PROPNAME*
love is like cherry pie
Samedi soir et on se croirais Lundi tellement que c'est plate!!!!!
alligators twice, solders once.
Please take a long hard look through your textbook, cause I'm history... Off on Urbana adventures!!! Back on the 7th- DUCES!!
is done doing silly quizzes...but they are so funny!!! Good-night everyone!
If you didn't fuck my ex-girlfriend, I would still owe you three thousand dollars.
Taxes are done and the Gov owes me more than one. Refund says what?
sooooo spent! sleep.
Laundry almost done... it was a lovely day for a walk
after this week The Move will finally be at an end thank you sweet Jesus
nappy noo time
is coming back to America sooon =)
Raid Data Recovered completely from swapped pair that was unrecognized by nas after NAS flipped out and wiped itself 100 times. 400Gb data now safe.
pack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. BOX BOX WR#T%R$TY%RYHtg!@##$$#
wishes that Facebook would trash the RIGHT things when they decide to go and clean house...
skipped the gym today, but is willing to make up for it by dancing!! going to mix! WOO
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers
owned her bio test, now off to read *PROPNAME* in a tree somewhere.
is in charlotte with my favorites:)
less then 24 hrs and it's christmas!!! I can finally unwrap my gift!
doctor says i need a backiotomy from all this moving
Motivation = Zero
once there was a way to get back home.
just washed a paper plate so that he could use it for something else. It would have been easier to just grab a new one right next to him.
"Why is America like Michael Jackson? Both achieved their peaks with a moonwalk performed decades ago" ~ *PROPNAME*
scratch *PROPNAME*, replace with *PROPNAME*. Divine.
love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind , and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
does anyone know a Server2008//Exchange2007//BES sysadmin looking for a job in the philadelphia area?
The new MUSE is intense! DUcks game 2nite. yay putos.
is back.. with 21 pages of Fabulous notes to transcribe
Going down! Faster would be nice, though... :P Haha!
I am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday...I havent had a good one since college...maybe i will just stop trying to make it special
if you want to be a leader try and act like one
wishing away my weekend so I can watch Monday night football!
is so happy it is Friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Time with *PROPNAME* and then home to sleep-in all weekend and get some rest! Three weeks with this head cold is a bit much...
just went to her first Phish show! It was great fun, though I'm not sure who spread the rumor that it's ok to use glowstick goo as body paint.
is not making fun of you.
Fear and panic in the air
really looking forward to sunday
is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going.
is ready to go home for fall break on Thursday...
is off Monday, August 3. Anyone want to do something then?
Football practice was actually pretty fun. I have no idea how I shaved off almost a minute off of my mile time. I ran a mile in 5:38...I think I'm amazing lol
had the most surreal day Saturday
Carlos had a Lita-rrific night at Moustrap last night
is no longer going to just stand there. This time, I'm going to bust a move.
Mmmm... good food after a long day of coachings and practice.
You could die and we'd all really care.
Tell me and I'll forget, show me and I may remember, involve me and I will understand. -- Confucius
is deliriously happy from this week of reunions.
is deep in lust and going to bed :oP
is happy to finally be home for a while after lots of running around lately!
one more week to catch up on life...then VACATION
how come every time I make a cake with whole wheat flour it ends up tasting like corn bread? I like corn bread a lot, but I'm trying to make a cake that tastes like CAKE :(
An evening with Gorden Gecko.
My skull is way too sexy with his rabbit ears. His name is *PROPNAME* and was named after *PROPNAME* on Grey's Anatomy.
is hosting *PROPNAME*'s Room at the Comic Strip Live this Friday at 6! Come see me and my superfriends rock the joint and preparty with us!
bored,. nag sayang2 nalang ko ug kwarta para lang na.ai mabuhat.
Had an incredible night...from now on if ur looking for me on a tuesday night I will be at the derbs : )
family in LA! let the restaurant adventures begin!
going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves -- to break our own records, to outstrip our yesterday by our today.
"My god its full of stars"...ANYONE?
is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date.
off for the weekend!
back at the Petaluma Palace
realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice.
Gonna try to re-setup PhysX and add in NxOgre on my com tomorrow... ROAR!!!
Everyone, i have a confession to make. I have turned bisexual, and am now a tranny.
is looking at the man in the mirror.
is excited for GAMEDAY TOMORROW!!!!! GO STATE!!!!!
happy holidays everyone
watched Transformers II with *PROPNAME*, has a neuro appointment tomorrow and can't find the headache log. Made pretty good pastries, will have them perfected when the next batch is made.
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for?
after a crazy week of travelling finally back in ca.
should probably stop her habit of late night crocheting.
bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! I don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(
enjoying the latest Imogen Heap album
i got that boom boom pow! lol lol lol!
has analyzed our data to quantize the way we feel... :D
Made it through the first day of rehearsal after a long journey! :)
Lets align timeframes in view of a merger with mutual cross linking benefits.
i dont get y people are afraid of the unknown becaues the unknown is usually way more fun than the known
I am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c Quote: I wish I was a kid again, because skinned knees are easier to fix then broken hearts.
is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight :)
Seen a leaflet guy coming into building. so i collected together all the leaflets we have (about 15-20) and when he went to post the leaflets I posted them all outwards as he opened the letterbox. He looked a little confused and tried to push them back, so I posted them back out again. Ahh its fun to piss off people.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. ~*PROPNAME* ~
"I ain't gonna take my pants off!"
is one iteration closer to his desired solution!
Back to work again... =) Working is good... haha...
*PROPNAME* was just in the shop! And got strudel for the entire Mayor's office!
is having trouble making sense of her coursework: "Three feet of new powder on a stable base has made the tree skiing orgasmic." Er....
is wondering why he seems to manage to lose everything that he needs to keep a hold of?
now has unlimited texting!! Yessssss!!
is well and festive and taking advantage of summer.
blah!
wishing the rain would turn to snow for Christmas!
the hour doth approach
Hooked on Weeds without any way of getting my next dose soon. Damn you, Netflix instant queue and your empty promises.
I'm home, wheee!
CRUE ROCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!
stomach versus intestines, round 674.
anyone has an extra concealable camera??
never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week.
just went upstairs to find *PROPNAME* reading icanhascheezburger. Success!
is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night. seriously. and of course, for her lovely fb friends. :)
Women lie, men lie, numbers don't lie!
my first epic fail. :P
OMG!!! THE SUN IS TOOOO LOUD!!!!!!!!
woww! soo busy.. but working to create some time to relax during this weekend :)
going to see inglourious basterds with the boy...
off to work out with *PROPNAME* (Y)
haha... too bad I don't know my own schedule... let's try work till 6:15 then something with the fiance :)
today: relaxation by the bay, tomorrow: a trip to Jordan for Petra and the Dead Sea...
Che Guevara for President!
HA! who new that you cant take your driving test without proof of insurance!? Silly me.... -_-' ugh now I have to take it next week wednesday...yay
This will probably take a good long while to get used to :) I think I'm still in shock. Haha. I have a fiance. Wow. And not just any fiance; I am pursuing the pearl of great value :D
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=K78zNtO_EFQ&feature=PlayList&p=17708ED0C8CF48C1&index=19
My alarm clock & I had a fight. It wanted me to get up, I refused. Things escalated. Now I'm awake & it’s broken. Not sure who won the fight
me and *PROPNAME* miss *PROPNAME*....
would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and death threats it means alot
Keep voting till your fingers bleed dammit!
HEY KIDS!!! ON SALE NOW... The All New *PROPNAME* Action Figure. with super FIRE Breathing Action.....on a side note. I think i have cavities. oh yeah, and I blow fire now so...bow down before my awesomeness!!!!
doesn't wanna go to school tomorrow.
Take my quiz. See how cool I am.
two minutes into the show and I was already being 'man-handled'....<3
Brokeback is officially the most depressing movie of all time.
Whats on MY mind........ well hopefully the top of my head.....
It is time to return to Hogwart
is happy for school to start :D
"The seaweed is always greener in somebody else's lake..."
SHEAMUS!
can't wait to see what lectures come out of TED2010 !!
is celebrating the birth of *PROPNAME*!
keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts. DONATE IF YOU CAN!!
is in love with *PROPNAME* in downtown Raleigh. And *PROPNAME*.
is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my MPA!!
AHHHHHHHHHH!!! Static fluid mechanics= death...
hmmm....I uninstalled 1 tiny program and now I can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :)
la di da di i like to party i like to love so i don't bother nobody...
had a - has a fever. Got stuck in a jam at orchard road. After the jam, bus broke down. While waiting at a new bus stop, two busses drove by without stopping. Ended up taking four hours to get home. God is Evil.
is looking through West to East.
had 3 different dreams of being stalked by big cats last night. what's the symbolic meaning there?
can give the Dodgers his full attention now that he is marginally satisfied by a Laker victory.
Had the most random interaction with a stone drunk stranger!
recovery day
RIP *PROPNAME*. The world owes you a great debt for everything you've done for music.
Unless a miracle happens, life s gonna be a rough ride ahead !!! . . .
thinks he's going to make truffles tomorrow...FOR SCIENCE!
Forty-five minutes on a Rittenhouse bench, with a bag full of veggies and La Colombe mocha, really turns the day around =)
is at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight at 8. Be there!
AIs all over again
is not participating in society today. If that is a problem, you are free to leave a message with the receptionist I don't have.
my facebook looks the same...am I missing something?
countdown to florida: TWO DAYS
battalion level smoke session at 2130
ahhh... this is beautiful *PROPNAME*... I have so many true, yet politically incorrect things to say, but will instead keep them to myself...
just realized I'm missing lovefest! wtf! :-(
oh sweet sweet monday, you treated me so well...
wishes life was always as simple as it was in high school when my biggest decision was what to wear for yearbook pictures...
has to start planning his thesis...
the internet is soooooo slow. pirmi ko ma dc.
learning all about self-liberation. Hooray!
i feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...
whats up with real estate REO agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.
has landed in Boston and is back at work. :D
The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief. ~William Shakespeare, Othello
finished Fooled by Randomness... it's an excellent book that I would recommend to anyone. I'm now 80 pages into Chaos by *PROPNAME* and am enjoying it. Go reading!
is thinking about going to graduate school? Not quite sure, just exploring the idea. There is quite a bit to consider.
Hot: *PROPNAME* is an awesome TA.
memo-writing...
Time Mag named this decade the worst since WWII. My only thought is, has there really been enough decades since WWII to be able to clearly desern that this one is the worst? Granted these last ten years have really kinda sucked as far national tragity...but is there a need to call it the worst since WWII?
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP B-day in 4 days :oD
had a great day... working on piddly stuff... shower... waiting to talk to *PROPNAME*. :)
is heading to San Antonio for the weekend
truly believes in Murphy’s law…felt like giving up today, like quitting…I am going to keep going. Not sure how far I will get but I am going to push until they throw me out of here lol.
needs a massage and s.l.e.e.p.
MOVERAMA! part four: My floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and I have set fire to all non essentials. Now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itself
thinks she must say her name strangle when answering the phone at work, as most ppl hear (*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*)...I am not sure how they get that from "*PROPNAME* speaking" lol but it is funny to be called *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*??? Crazy day lol
absolutely loves the London police department. I'm getting my ipod touch back!!!
Time to go shopping for presents, still dont know what to get.
If you're wondering if I want you to, I want you to. So make a move, 'cause I ain't got all night.-Weezer
is going to Post this year.
got crazy studying for the midterm.
was not impressed with Gossip Girl tonight. It better step it up, or I'm no longer watching
went to a run down dollar store and it was playing *PROPNAME*'s "Canon in D." I laughed the entire time I was in there. :D
Me, myself, and my computer. Deja vu
my brain=monday molasses
Has anyone figured out how to filter the Facebook feeds, using the new Facebook page? I will be annoyed if this functionality has been lost.
loved *PROPNAME*!
is locked out of her room, with no roomates or RAs in sight :(
really wishes she lived in England or France right about now
Watched Inglorius Basterds on Blu-Ray followed by Avatar in 3D and is feeling soooo Epic. Dayum.
wla man siya narparamdam. ka mingaw sa cell. :c
Pourquoi il pleut chaque fois que je sort mes blades!!!!!!!
has a new kitten! Pictures eventually, I promise!
<//3 softball :(
http:////www.q13fox.com//videobeta//watch//?watch=0766bc7f-d0bf-481b-98b5-139cbefddafa&src=front This is the link to the video highlights of the girls game last night. The girls game is at the end.
How do I change my FACEBOOK user name
homecoming, the hunt, and jacqueline's birthday all this weekend! fml, america, I miss you! no amount of red wine and croissants can console...wish I could be there! ....happy birthday jacs!!! :(
I'll jump and kick and bite and scratch and scream until I'm blue in the face.
hahayz,. nag huwat sa reply. T_T
Bad Office! You know better than to do a clip show.
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." -Einstein
wee xmas!
will begin tomorrow well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with her old nonsense.
glad i got the flu vaccination. $30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.
wow... so many cool stories... boats r fun I'm now in Cannes for the tournament coming up in a couple days. ... getting a little homesick, been gone almost 2 months
is back in DE for the Dover race tomorrow!
is wondering why her attention span is so pitiful... must... pay... attention...
I am once, I am twice, I am the whole, I'm just a slice.
Ames tommorow back in time for the game
Chocolate covered potato chips - what will they come up with next! (They are so good!)
doesn't want to study anymore!!
Had a ridiculous time in Holland with his boys *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Now he needs some shoes, some finances and a hike up the highest mountain in Poland.
The world lost a great one!!!! We will never forget!!! RIP and party hard with Elvis and James Brown!!!!
ok...2 assignments and a midterm...then let the festivities begin! YAYYYYY!
ATIT! (Almost there! It's Thursday!) Reaching? Why yes I am.
No snow yet down south, but it is raining. Snow is expected, but only a trace.
is finding it hard to deal and would really just like to not be sober anymore.
found the Wikipedia article on Common Sense vandalized; her epistemic foundation is cracked.
very, very sleepy.
If there had been a real fire tonight, everyone in my building (including me) would be burned to a crisp right now because apparently a fire alarm isn't enough to lure us from our dens.
away to work, still dina feel right but never mind.
had a great time tonight. Happy Kwanzaa to all!
I've lived in this place and I know all the faces Each one is different but they're always the same They mean me no harm but it's time that I face it They'll never allow me to change'
"Its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"
Can't wait until Friday morning when I'll be in my fiance's arms. :-)
New job, New opportunities and also a new training coming soon!!!!
loved San Francisco a little extra from the back of a Ducati.
ugh...i need a job:(
New cockney rhyming slang that i've invented recently. *PROPNAME* (gayness) This is the funniest one I've ever come up with. Why? Because he actually is gay. Reeses Pieces (peace). Please feel free to use. Maybe in a couple years one of them will end up in a movie and I can say. That's totally mine. Like when *PROPNAME*'s stole the idea for my shirt. Bastards. I bought one anyway though. Cause it was cool.
has a few excellent weekends coming up. Rock on!
well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!
you only live once
is soooooooooooooo sick :(
¿?q ???? ??,?M ??? s???? ?sn???q ??? ?O pu???? ?? ??,no? ?sn???q ????S I p?no?S? ka jemma. nag emote2 sa ulan.
Forget fireworks, I want to see the *PROPNAME* funeral.
To see you when I wake up Is a gift I didn't think could be real
"see, when you forgive your imperfections, and you've auctioned all your clothes, and you look to see your true reflection, you will be the one who loves you the most" -*PROPNAME* "The One Who Loves You the Most"
sometimes dreams do come true *fingers crossed*
T minus 7 days
Jesus. You're the lover of my soul. Jesus. I will never let you go. You've taken me from the mirey place; set my feet upon the rock, and now I know...
working on calculus
doesn't like thunder :(
too much popcorn... blaaaaaaaa
walked around Takarazuka and Osaka today. :)
...yeah it's FRIDAY! Class and then some homework :o) *PROPNAME*'s is a rotten, lame movie!
What's this song I'm hearing on the radio with sirens, screams and gunshots? Oh right, it's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town."
eating a 3 day old burger,. yes ingana na jud ko ka desperado. GUTOM. P.S. Maynta di ma da.ot ako tiyan ani. :P
hates writing papers!!!!!!! I don't know how English majors do it!
passed the national EMT exam; off to find a JOB!!! yaaaaay for money.
wishes her apartment had a heater :(
so my fortune cookie told me "You and your wife will be happy in your life together" MY WIFE? I always thought I'd be married to a guy? FML!
has won the nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this year
it will be a long week....
Almost the weekend...only a few more short hours...I think we can make it.
"Are you saying my granny was a skank ass ho-bag?"
can't believe she's now allergic to tuyo as well as shrimp!
is done! Hooray!
is preparing for five days of awesomeness. Hurray for Geo18!
just got fog roll'd.
9//9. Finally done.
misses being naive...now I'm jaded and waiting for something to excite me
thinks conscientious is should be spelled more phonetically. Maybe like: conchienchous...:P
is living on cloud nine... aka in the Montecito Hills. the house I moved into is insanely beautiful and best of all... its free!!!
wow... mass effect 2 just arrived. //life
Gonna try need for speed shift on PSP...
is finally on a Role Playing World of Warcraft Server! All aboard the Fantasy train! >=D
Man date at Hokkaido...SMAAART!
Sunday blues.
brokan lttrs hart hot ppl lif goo kim kool
Trying to weigh a degu is not easy!
thinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://
Bipolar and this job are like *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* or an articulate FOB.
...makin' supper then laundry and a little homework
sometimes, most of the time, life is too fast and too confusing for my liking...
has a great night planned!! State of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :)
*PROPNAME* brought me breakfast in bed this morning, hanging out with *PROPNAME* later, then a delicious pineapple pork chop dinner made by *PROPNAME* and watching a movie..what a great day it's going to be!:D
will boycott any sponsor pulling their Tiger Woods advertising. Gillette, Gatorade, you've been put on notice.
You do not merely want to be considered just the best of the best. You want to be considered the only ones who do what you do
work, then to the lib with alex all night
Surprise! Mama and Daddy are coming up and bringing some of my things! Good thing I got up early and managed to be very productive this morning. Now, getting ready and spending the afternoon getting partially moved into my apartment.
gave up on being a productive member of society when he left engineering, OK Social Sciences? Just let me write about cool people. I don't want to think about how my topic benefits anyone.
hopes that everyone had a Merry Christmas!
some asshole side-swided my car...
If you find yourself wondering about things such as "how long of a time period is 17% of eight hours?" and it makes your brain hurt to figure it out in your head, you can go to Google and type in "17% of eight hours" and it will tell you.
Guess whose place of work got broken into last night? That's right, mine.
Me "Will you X me?" *PROPNAME* "No. I don't do things like that."
says Thank You So Much to everyone who helped to make The Graduation a Huge Success!
WOW. All I can say is, I was channeling Deb as I watched that traumatic season finale.
omg trader joes delivers to me...yay
Guitar Hero linaw. :D
wonders if indeed *PROPNAME* has "Gone Rogue" that means it's hunting season? Figurative sense, figurative sense!
Dragons ignored human names when they didnt't like the bearer.
yay no more hospital!
"i'll stay on the bleachers" - favorite quote for now.. ^_^
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it, do you still lose the game?
"Mom.....Licorice is in the Christmas tree!!!!" 'Tis the sound of my season this year....guess it's part of the turf with a new kitten!
put his hat on, and spent much of the afternoon collecting mesquite and yucca seeds, then buying them all over the place. Few will ever sprout. But some will.
have an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?
has the same Spring Break as *PROPNAME*! If any Cornellians want a super awesome place to visit during their Spring Break, keep Chicago in mind...
is stuck at work this fine saturday afternoon.
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You. *PROPNAME*
Is anyone else kinda suffering through this elective ranking process? I spent months obsessing over the exciting possibilities, and now all I want to do is avoid it...
And now it is time for the Yankees to break the curse of bin Laden.
is waging a vendetta against UCSB parking services!
classic reality check from keane
Oh tetanus shot, why must you hurt so much?!
a third of a chicken of a bobcat? Hmm.. yes, *PROPNAME*.
<3's catching up with friends
It's 6am and I can't sleep cause I just finished ordering parts for a new computer. Too excited. I'm nerdy, AND WHAT? D:
had an absolutely marvelous 4th anniversary yesterday....
Thinking a downtown sb visit for halloween might be very necessary : )
is back in LA! back at work! back to 75 degrees and sunny! and yet, missing the single-digit temperatures of chicago....
oh boy... a weekend filled with fun law school assignments.
*PROPNAME* mixed week old coucous with new coucous, and he cannot understand why I will not eat it...
I hope everyone else enjoys their NFL Sunday. I'll be taking the GRE.
School til 7:30 then home to see *PROPNAME*
Who's gonna see the Harry Potter movie with me? The person who comes is still allowed to judge me.
had good talkings tonight. Fun times were had by all.
lolz thx guys
dinner with *PROPNAME*!
will be in NYC by this time tomorrow!
Law Geekitude #107: I giggle to myself every time some old English judge uses the word "mischief" in an opinion.
is just not able to win on Vampire Wars..booo..at least she lives in NYC! Yay!
fried taters for supper... :)
is very happy with her very first scrubs!!! :D
"Every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time... Plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines..."
is out getting the paper...before the monsters do, am I right?
Nothing to do in lab because the TAs messed up in turning yeast into spheroplasts on time. Too good to be true.
vegetarian chili and beans for the little ones
is making internets!
Thank goodness my voice is back. :-) Shabbat Shalom everyone!
made it through 30 minutes of Cannibal Holocaust. I believe in artisitic expression and everything but damn...this is pushing it.
come on, somebody tell me how everyone's getting these symbols on Fb. this is just too much. Hey guess what else? 199 pages. Got-to-crank-out-one-more...
Really, USMLE World? You really want me to know which growth factor receptors have intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity, and which ones need JAK//STAT for signal transduction? I poop on you.
has just attended his first parish council meeting!
military science III
PHYSICS= BAD. My Favorite Equation.
thinks that sleep is a good idea and who ever invented sleep deserves a cookie. a big cookie. with chocolate chips. fresh from the oven. back to my point, sleep = good.
hungry. fee me.
is in bed dreaming of nonbaryonic dark matter…**Sigh** facebook quizzes are fun
Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things
to think we are who we are largely because of the deactivation of Myosin Heavy Chain 16 (MYH16)... fascinating.
wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good.
Round 2...
Happy Friendship Day!!! :)
weddings and what not
is excited! I just bought tickets for the Izzone Reunion game.... going back to relive the good ol' days!
Would you eat panda?
wine, chocolate, & guitar = :)
the night wasn't a waste afterall :)
*PROPNAME*
just finished watching " Dear Zachary: a letter from a father to his son". It was a pretty good documentary but very emotional...I suggest having tissues nearby
Internet on a BART?? Unheard of!
There's this guy at my workplace who only speaks chinese. We communicate through hand signals and inferrence on my part. At first, I just thought that he was really friendly, brotherly love and all that. Then when the aunties saw him smiling at me, then told me in english, "He's Gay." Now I'm scared O_O
bee stings itch
had a cooked breakfast this morning! mmm!
is off to Scout Camp (Old Indian in SC) for a week
Hey Atlanta: you may see my work on the evening news...Some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot, that we share with the probation office...I have heard rumors he shot himself...
made it safely to italy :) 22 hour trip lol havent slept one sec the whole time will upload pics of my trip soon and through out the month.
is having eel for lunch.
cage match: nyquil versus summer cold. ONE NIGHT ONLY! who will be victorious?
hahhhahaha
10 inches of snow within 4 hours. whoa!
had a great set tonight. VIDEO CLIPS TO FOLLOW!
is sad that Tetris is not working! :(
is a happy human being :D
has finished cleaning the kitchen! That's the second one this week!
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I don't think about them, I just do them. The decision has already been made
is becoming sentimental as I work on the notes for my novel..."if you're friends with __ you must either be gorgeous or brilliant and from our conversation I must say it's both."
3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.
did not expect to end up on a campus tour. Huh.
Making baked apples with a cocoa butter filling and creme angliase. Hopefully they're good.
is currently working his way through the harry potter box set. Can't say I don't have exciting weekends!
Happy Halloween! Almost timet to make some snacks for the party tonight:)
Research, tea at Freer house, colloquia lecture, three classes and then finally to *PROPNAME*'s for the night. The only thing making this day better is that I get free food.
...just keep swimming, studying.
is grateful.
been for a nice long walk, feeling gooood!
watched in shock today as a nurse on the bus poked and yelled at an old, disabled man for sitting too close to her in the section designated for old and disabled people. Wishing I'd said something.
the classroom didn't feel like a sauna or smell like sweaty sock-house today. Whoohooo!
Went to a surprise *PROPNAME* game yesterday (surprise for me, not for the players) and had a fantastic time.
did full-fledged bikram for the first time (a 90-minute class as opposed to the 60 minute classes i had already done)... and it was hard! Damn, I feel great now though =)
It is the characteristic excellence of the strong man that he can bring momentous issues to the fore and make a decision about them. The weak are always forced to decide between alternatives they have not chosen themselves.
cookie dough + glee + packing to go home = a great afternoon!!!
just finished playing wii fit plus and burned an ice cream cone worth of calories. Now it's ok for me to eat an ice cream right? Kidding:)
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Holy! Holy! Are you Lord God almighty! Worthy is the Lamb, worthy is the Lamb that was slain! Unto you be all glory and honor and praise! May my life bring glory to your name :)
I will be in Tokyo on the 10th! Anyone want to entertain//be entertained by me while I'm there?
So apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible...enter new and stupidly expensive computer program!
hmm, can't wait to try out this "synthetic fermented egg" lure...
Had great day in the snow with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. More to follow tomorrow :D
wants to take a trip through Tunisia, Egypt, Greece, Turkey, Lebanon, Israel, Jordan, Bhutan, Kazakhstan, Xinjiang (China), Mongolia, and end up in Shanghai to see old friends and maybe throw in Hainan for some beachy fun...ok magic travel fairy do your t
is hosting the preshow at the Downtown Comedy Club this Friday, next Friday and next Saturday. It's ladies' month at the comedy club but you can hear your boy bring them out!
weeeeeee transformer explosions.
i'm hungry na,.
Orange and pink zebra
Err. Things to not do and people to ignore.
is super excited to see *PROPNAME* today!!!
<3 rain when I'm not driving in it!
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius
KEEP VOTING!
tryin to figure out what to do w. a plane ticket to NYC the 24th w. no one to hang out with. FML!
okay... going to try some techniques to facilitate lucid dreaming
on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an EMT job asap. Sent me $$$. thanks
has the most melodramatic sister in the world...
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming..." - *PROPNAME*- Finding Nemo -It's stuck in my head forever or until we're out of this phase! lol
home in the heights!
wants you to come to the show tonight...Pig N Whistle...7:30! Jokes.
associates Russian classical composers with Christmas, for some reason. Not just the Nutcracker stuff, either. It's a bit odd... Especially since everyone knows Santa lives in Finland, not Russia.
Just had an awesome Friday. Like, Seriously... haha
is leaving for Anaheim super soon!
found that you can tell roughly where you are on the canal by the accents of the people who say hello!
2010
had a ridiculously fun reunion with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, and is heading over to see the *PROPNAME* before catching a plane home! See you tonight, America!!!
can speak again! (As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing.)
was just time raped.
WPT, yes please!
tired...just like usual
the weather is SOOO AWESOME!
Working 11-close then going to the movies with *PROPNAME*, either to see The Men Who Stare at Goats or Christmas Carol
up in Tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. Its a beautiful day to be alive
gonna go try bikram yoga for the first time! this should be interesting!
just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided. I think their references are a little outdated.
kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!
420 characters max. Hehehehehehe....'it'd be a lot cooler if you did...'
had a great set tonight. I love the Downtown Comedy Club!
wonders if anyone in the LA area has a classroom of children that would enjoy some entertainment, story book reading and children's comedy. With someone who needs credits for this, let me know if you know!
is smelling a 2-0 lead for the boys in blue. viva los doyers.
wireless card beats wireless adapter thank god for steady internetz
digimon digital monsters digimon are the champions. change into digital champions to save the digital world.
bills for my grill
insomnia. help me! (vodka?)
Welcome to being on call. you now have 3 jobs and counting.
is a salmonberry-making pie fool.
Lots to be happy about--- My standard 9:00-6:00//300 mins of class Monday at the law school is over, my apartment is totally unpacked, and *PROPNAME* is coming to visit!
is getting some work done, then cleaning my room//apartment!...it is HOTTTT outside!
is a sleepy girl... curling up in the bed with miss gigi to read a book, chatting with my love, and then sleeping as long as I want to. I love not having Friday classes.
is simultaneously packing, doing laundry, cleaning, and jamming out. Ah, productivity.
digs giant robots.
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
is a little sick of poker... been playing Fallout 3 a lot last few days instead of poker all day... =)
Why do they always send the poor?
got home today. Up north was GREAT!!!
is enjoying some tahoe sunshine
Go Bears!!!
We had so much fun at *PROPNAME*'s 4th Birthday party! <3
after months of procrastinating, I am finally watching the last season of battlestar galactica
Is it just me or does anyone else feel in the mood for an ABBA sing along session?
i can haz dinner?
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
great time at the gym, thanks ladies and *PROPNAME*! To bed to sleep, to sleep to dream...
ran, did hill work, yoga, juiced, made an egg white and spinach omelette, and payed my bills...love getting so much done before work :)
is getting ready to get crunk and party like its 1999! holla at a playa! LOL
Read my review of Precious. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d22-Precious
has one week left?!
sleepy time
forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in LA!!! #@#!@!#R#%#!!!!
making banana pancakes:)
is glad that his car is not infested with Madagascar Hissing Cockroaches.
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day. Nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of... "insuring" oneself is more than their cost of living.
Anyone know anything about NIS Scholarships? Can explain more to me? haha...
there's no Hartford, CT network anymore?
just finished counseling report! :P 23 AI's to go. hahaha
is studying to take the NCLEX. Why does everyone hate on wanting to do nothing with your life? Lol. Apparently that just isn't an option.
Hey my Rhode Island friends. What rocks to do in Providence and what's the best Italian place in the city?
<3's united's frequent flyer miles sale...I have enough miles to fly anywhere except Australia...hmm, where to go?
Day looking up, I will be able to exchange the defective flat iron! I realized that New Moon comes out when I will be home for Thanksgiving, any body want to go see it with me? Still looking forward to Glee...I feel a little dirty thinking that *PROPNAME* is hot
Une autre semaine qui recommence!!!
neoplatonic thinking postulates "the one" is infinite and gives rise, eventually, to this world of 'becoming". Lord you were, are, and forever will be. My one. May I draw all life and thought from Your essential creativity. May I be made to be like Your form. Good.
s doctor is sick...so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks.
not gonna sleep good tonight
yeah its me!! im finally here!!
is sad the weekend is here... Can't wait for Sunday, 7pm.
is boycotting NBC
OMG fright fest was sooo fun even though it was FREEZING! :D I recommend the next time anyone rides a roller coaster to go with your eyes closed...so scary lol
i just got home from school and my flies were unzipp the whole time. oops?
is an atheist please respect my beliefs and stop sending me jesus, god and (insert other deity) crap. Thanks.
aquarium date night? ooh la la
PSU loss, Steelers loss...my life is in shambles
is happy to have a new, working laptop.
Tiger Army and Bleedning Through! FriggnA
French 12:50 to 2:40 and then work 3:30 to close. I seriously wish I could just skip all of it.
Europe pictures are finally up! Come check 'em out... you'll have to find them on my actual profile not in my "photo albums"
"But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things."
remembers with gratitude a specific Thanksgiving involving two cool kids from Humboldt County in New Jersey and Massachusetts. Blessings to all.
is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics! you know you're jealous
Why am I still awake? Oh yeah, because I haven't gone to sleep.
Il y a tu quelqu'un qui peut m'expliquer c'étais supposé être quoi ce soir la game CALISLE DE TABARNAK!!!! C'EST LE CRISS DE PROBLÈME, ILS VEULENT TU QUE JE DÉBARQUE LA AVEC MES CAP D'ACIER QUE J'AILLE FOUTRE UNE COUPLE DE COUP DE PIED DANS LE CUL!!!! VOUS VOULEZ PAS JOUER PIS PATINER À SOIR, J'ESPÈRE QUE VOUS ALLER ÊTRE ENFORME POUR LA PRATIQUE....
feeling slightly better...
Had my first statistics class today and it was so..... hmmm... how should I say it.... messy maybe... this really gonna be a strange class.....
arrrrrrrr why did they cancel TRAUMA!?
"On the Radio" is playing on the radio. *insert ever so slight chuckle*
clocked in 14 hours today. Smiled at *PROPNAME* like a moron as she walked by...umm how was I to know what she looked like? At least I know who she is. Fashion is hard. Models are very nice though. Til next Tuesday...
is trying to get out of the doldrums
super mingaw kaayu. :c since i have a lot of free time in my hands right now i'm plannin something nice for next year. well i hope (enter name here) finds it nice... heres to hoping. :c
ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! Vote for the short "AFTER HOURS" to support *PROPNAME* - our local Michigan talent and a wonderful person. Repost please!!! http:////www.thirteen.org//sites//reel13//category//vote//
HARDLY STRICTLY OR BUST!
is going to nuke the site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.
has been put on hold but is enjoying (dancing to) the music! :D
off to the store to get the things I need to make caramel apple cookies. I hope that mine turn out as good as the picture! I also hope that they have the caramel bits I need at this Walmart!
somehow has to BS 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project AND have sources to cite about it. FML
Contemplating the details of urban planning...
not sick!!! yay!
Just went to a sushi bar by my house for my birthday and it was delicious :D
is working, working, working...
manny doing work!
is in Canada!
interview at ECU
having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!
, if you're going to get sick, do it now...you have exactly one week to recover...
Change your language to English (Pirate). Click on the English link on the bottom of your Home page. It's pretty awesome.
really wishes that my old doctor's office would learn how to do math. I don't appreciate getting rather large bills for amounts that BSBC and I have already paid. Oh and thanks for putting it in the 120 day slot so I get to stress about further stupidity on your part resulting in a bad outcome for me.
in heeding the words of wise ninja master over a beer, *PROPNAME* has created a program of self-defense for the complete n00b who has 17 left feet. Tonight, I shall see if anyone shows up to learn it.
, candy cane lane, and worlds that collide.
loving the snow. :)
wants to pose a question...if you could go back to several times in your life you wish you could do differently would you?
is going to miss you.
looks a lot more like a young Lenin with his ushanka than he ever realized.
steelers, steelers, steelers!
Up North this weekend. So excited!!! :D
How about getting to bed early? Anyone want to jump on the bandwagon?
gazed upon the face of the Savior of the Monkeys and wept from the beauty of the sight.
BLACK!! :) :P
wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy.
My Indian address: 109 Blincoe Avon, Belmont Across from field next to warehouse, on curve Virginia, USA
oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...
is having the loveliest last week//end with all you lovely lovely people.
It's 2am.....why am I not sleeping?????
My mouth always gets me in trouble...
is so much cooler online
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!!
Why do three people that do not know eachother have "pants on the ground" in their updates? Am I missing something?
Whoops... bought myself everything I needed for a cooked breakfast tomorrow morning but accidently ate it for lunch... :s
Does anyone know how to install Office 2007 in LINUX using WINE ?
keep hatin bitches...i'm just getting started! weeeee
Happy valentine's Day!!!!
hrmm
Thanks to the beauty of anythingyouwantdelivery.com ... I have CallOfDuty4MW2 on the way right to my place right now, for just a small delivery charge (along with some Chipotle)... I've been hearing amazing things about it (best fps since Counterstrike)... and I might have to do a little gaming
Property Midterm = Over, Life = Good, Me = Packing up, Dentists appt., Home.
migraine = :(
is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that...
Still feel like shite
Shabbat Shalom!
Let me know if you think of everyone meeting at my house and then heading out to the vollwyball game in costumes and then all heading back to my house for the party is a good idea :)
oh, *PROPNAME*! You make a robomama proud! From *PROPNAME*'s article: "Ultimately, our empathy towards *PROPNAME* (ascribing human-like traits to her actions and form) is what makes her teaching so successful. Without anthropomorphizing her, viewers would have minimal desire to explore the perception of a robot. Yet...
loves that she has some of the nerdiest friends ever. She's seen at least ten *PROPNAME* poems posted today. Granted, everyone picks the same one from V for Vendetta, but m'eh.
Ahhhh!! what is this strange white stuff coming from the sky?!
is now even less likely to study because fortune teller genius told him that he didn't have to >.>
So much to say. So much to do. So much to be. So little time. 24 hours is already to small an amount of time. Its hard to be without you.
I want someone to take me on a giddy stratosphere...
I don't know how it all works. I don't know why. I don't know how. I just am who you made me. I have what you gave me. Let me be yours. Please take all I have as yours. Let me be holy and of you. I desire for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever. Burn everlasting flame. Flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth...my best. That's what you got.
We're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too." - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. The world will miss you :(
"So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."- jay leno
new status time... now what should i put... oh well
85 and sunny in Jamaica, 82 and sunny in Grand Cayman....SMICK!
Holy crap this is hilarious: http:////www.standforchristmas.com//pages//home Just read these reviews. What bigoted morons think like this? Read the "Offensive" ones. They're the best.
is 3 weeks in and already tired of reading!!!!
ran back for her laptop when the firebell went off in Etcheverry. For shame!
wants a nap.
Finished most of the Mocap Cleanup... Dunno if it looks wierd... should I capture again?
spending a night with 9 IBM programmers feels like a chapter out of Microserfs.
needs to find a good place for a nap! :)
I have to run, run to the moment that set me free. I need to know why I hear the sound... the sound of my dream -
has the words "Merry Christmas" written in rope lights hung in the front window of his house.
Enjoyed mini golf and dinner with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* yesterday.
IMPROV SOUTH ISLAND CUP!!!!!!!!! VIC HIGH FTW
is amazing of course, and the Apples to Apples champion.
back in IC after a 16 hour drive, i think it's time to go to sleep.
I must be pregnant, or something. It's not natural to have hummus cravings...
missed teaching at the elementary school Thursday... -sad-
is excited her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Chia-like, I shall grow.
I just keep reminding myself...one week until my vacation, one week until my vacation....
"Flight attendants cross check and prepare for landing." "Welcome to Tampa, Flordia where the local time is 3:50 PM and a comfortable 68 degrees."
Get up and get out
Holidays comin to an end...Back to action tomorrow.. Wish u all a prosperous year ahead..God Bless !!!!
back in San Diego for xmas
, unexpectedly, really enjoys waking up insanely early to work.
8 pages in 2 hours...not bad. well, really bad actually! extremely bad what the hell am I saying "not bad" hahahaaaaaaaaaa
is excited about mural painting!
Congratulations *PROPNAME*!!! Newest Federal Attorney for the Department of Justice!
and now for somethign completely different
got burned by steak grease and has blisters on her leg :( I'm just tryin to ignore it but I think the chef owes me a serious sesh (*cough* *PROPNAME* *cough*cough*) hahaha
running and ramen...what an awesome Tuesday night!
I feel like I lose my best friend everytime *PROPNAME* leaves to go back home :( Can't wait till Friday when I get to go home, too.
really wants to learn some form of self-defence (or better yet offence :oP). Checking the *PROPNAME* website for classes...
is further failing at life. Why do they give me extra bureaucratic hoops when I keep proving that I fail at jumping through them ><
misses you, DFL.
Ren Fest with rain - Still good!!!
chem test
"You have your fear, which might become reality, and you have Godzilla, which _is_ reality." -*PROPNAME*
There any problem with FFS Feeds? LOL! Looks like alot of information not displayed there...
is sat in the Delphinium wating for the CS121 resit .... joy!
Simplicity in our lives comes out of deep thinking
gym=the hurt
has travel on my mind
is introspective...
Two more weeks left of camp. Looking forward to seeing *PROPNAME* on the Roof on Sunday, August 9th!
hopes that this Evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :P
ah, nothing in the world is as beautiful as fresh music.
The Soup: The Verdict Type: Vegetable Appearance: Fantastic Texture: Good Taste: Poor Overall: Edible but not pleasant Summary: This is a great soup for looking at, it is full of colour, healthy vegetables and creaminess! If you are not hungry make this soup and you will feel good! However, if eating is your thing, this soup should be avoided. I have soup left for 3 meals - any takers? Only p&p to pay! Enjoy!
it's 6:30 and I already want to go to sleep.
wonders whether anyone's ever done an etymological history of onomatopoeia. Why did "oink" become so popular when most pigs I've seen go "reeee"? Why did "fap" become so popular? Is it accuracy or something else? A most interesting question... Any linguistics majors in need of a paper topic?
studying... is for babies
Snow in Germany!
just saw a commercial for Rihanna's 20//20 interview about her ordeal with *PROPNAME*...isn't it convenient that she is finally able to talk about it in an interview aired the day after her new album comes out?
is sick?
hoping that tomorrow will be better than today...
